 One is that they evolved from dissorophoid temnospondyls . Another is that they evolved from lepospondyls , most likely the lysorophians . A third hypothesis is that caecilians descended from lepospondyls and frogs and salamanders evolved from dissorophoids .
 With stone , needle , flame , and spark power @-@ ups , Kirby can transform to interact with blocks differently . For instance , the spark power @-@ up lets Kirby break through otherwise indestructible blocks , and the needle lets Kirby hit spikes once without losing a life . The game has a themed frame and uses a wide palette of colors in @-@ game when played with the Super Game Boy .
 = = Background = =
 In 1929 , Walter Lowenfels jokingly suggested that Aldington should produce a new Imagist anthology . Aldington , by now a successful novelist , took up the suggestion and enlisted the help of Ford and H.D. The result was the Imagist Anthology 1930 , edited by Aldington and including all the contributors to the four earlier anthologies with the exception of Lowell , who had died , Cannell , who had disappeared , and Pound , who declined . The appearance of this anthology initiated a critical discussion of the place of the Imagists in the history of 20th @-@ century poetry .
 Modern scholarship generally holds that , while the Senate and more well @-@ off individuals welcomed Nero 's death , the general populace was " loyal to the end and beyond , for Otho and Vitellius both thought it worthwhile to appeal to their nostalgia . "
 = = April 1969 = =
 The air attack on 25 September was the last by Vichy forces on Gibraltar .
 = = = Bulgarian Navy = = =
 Independiente is the thirteenth Spanish @-@ language studio album by Guatemalan singer @-@ songwriter Ricardo Arjona , released on 23 September 2011 . Recorded in the United States and Mexico , it was produced by Arjona with Dan Warner , Lee Levin and Puerto Rican singer @-@ songwriter Tommy Torres . The album — the first independent release by Arjona after he was signed by Sony Music in 1993 and Warner Music in 2008 — was issued by his own label , Metamorfosis .
 The first ocean @-@ going ironclads carried masts and sails like their wooden predecessors , and these features were only gradually abandoned . Early steam engines were inefficient ; the wooden steam fleet of the Royal Navy could only carry " 5 to 9 days coal " , and the situation was similar with the early ironclads . Warrior also illustrates two design features which aided hybrid propulsion ; she had retractable screws to reduce drag while under sail ( though in practice the steam engine was run at a low throttle ) , and a telescopic funnel which could be folded down to the deck level .
 = Osbert de Bayeux =
 The great advantage Campbell 's filters had over the RL circuit and other simple filters of the time was that they could be designed for any desired degree of stop band rejection or steepness of transition between pass band and stop band . It was only necessary to add more filter sections until the desired response was obtained .
 In October 97 these tensions came to a head when the Praetorian Guard , led by Casperius Aelianus , laid siege to the Imperial Palace and took Nerva hostage . He was forced to submit to their demands , agreeing to hand over those responsible for Domitian 's death and even giving a speech thanking the rebellious Praetorians . Titus Petronius Secundus and Parthenius , Domitian 's former chamberlain , were sought out and killed . Nerva was unharmed in this assault , but his authority was damaged beyond repair .
 " Kiss You " was chosen as the second US single and third international from their second studio album , Take Me Home . Liam Payne , a group member , in a November 2012 interview with MTV News , explained why they chose " Kiss You " as the album 's second single in the US . Payne was quoted as saying : " With the album , that 's the first one that we listened to and we were like , ' Yeah , we love this song ' " . According to a MTV News article , the number was released digitally in the United States on 17 November 2012 . By 18 January 2013 , the song had not been officially promoted to US radio stations . The track , however , was released by Sony Music Entertainment on 8 February 2013 , as the record 's second single in Germany .
 = = Potential uses = =
 The 2010 Claxton Shield was contested between five teams from around Australia . In previous years , many of the teams had played their home games at multiple venues . This season each team held their home games at only one venue . There was one scheduled exception to this at the start of the season : the New South Wales Patriots ' final home series against the Perth Heat was held at Gilchrist Oval , whereas all of their other home games were held at Blacktown Baseball Stadium .
 This crater was named after Ernest Henry Shackleton , an Anglo @-@ Irish explorer of Antarctica from 1901 until his death in 1922 . The name was officially adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1994 . Nearby craters of note include Shoemaker , Haworth , de Gerlache , Sverdrup , and Faustini . Somewhat farther away , on the eastern hemisphere of the lunar near side , are the larger craters Amundsen and Scott , named after two other early explorers of the Antarctic continent .
 = = Background = =
 = Typhoon Krosa ( 2013 ) =
 Best Wrestling Maneuver ( 2002 ) F @-@ 5
 The 2010 Claxton Shield made use of the same finals structure as had been used in the 2009 season . The top three teams at the conclusion of the ten rounds of regular @-@ season games qualified . The second- and third @-@ place teams faced in each other in a best @-@ of @-@ three series hosted by the second @-@ place team . The winner of that series then faced the first @-@ place team for a best @-@ of @-@ three series . South Australia hosted the New South Wales Patriots at Norwood Oval , Adelaide , while the Victoria Aces hosted the championship series at La Trobe University , Melbourne . In the finals , the home team and away team alternated during each of the series . As a result , South Australia was officially the away team for game two of its series against New South Wales , as was Victoria in the championship series .
 Rami Yacoub — writing , production , programming , instruments , bass
 The so @-@ called " space frame " had already been used by Alberto Giacometti in the 1930s , and the two artists became friends in the 1960s . However Giacometti had by 1949 used it only in surrealist contexts before Bacon 's adaption , and in turn influenced his use in " The Cage " of 1950 . A similar two dimensional construct is found in Henry Moore 's works , notably his " Maguette for King and Queen " , constructed three years after Bacon 's Head . It is difficult to untangle how these artists influenced and informed each other . What is notable is that Bacon continued to use the motif , with intervals until the end of his life . Sylvester suggests his finest example is the 1970 Three Studies of the Male Back .
 Rifenburg was considered one of the greatest Wolverine 's of the 1940s . In four seasons with the Michigan Wolverines , Rifenburg played in 32 games and had over 1 @,@ 000 yards of total offense . Rifenburg held the University of Michigan 's single season and career record for touchdown receptions ( eight in a season ; sixteen career ) until his records were broken by Anthony Carter in 1980 .
 Throughout the season , sea surface temperatures within the western equatorial Pacific were above normal , including those in the South China Sea . Areas of convection persisted year @-@ round in the lower latitudes , particularly around the Philippines . Atmospheric divergence was also prevalent in the same regions , resulting in enhanced tropical cyclogenesis east of the Philippines in 2003 ; the mean region of development of tropical systems during the year was more southwest than the 1971 – 2000 30 @-@ year average . In 2003 , the JMA monitored 21 tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity ; of those , 14 reached typhoon intensity . Though the number of tropical storms was below average , the ratio between tropical storms and typhoons was 66 % greater than normal . The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) monitored three additional cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity that were not monitored by the JMA .
 The Department of Health has its main office in Manila . The national health department also operates the San Lazaro Hospital , a special referral tertiary hospital . Manila is also the home to the headquarters of the World Health Organization Regional Office for the Western Pacific and the World Health Organization Country Office for the Philippines .
 Third Column , commanded by Lieutenant General Dokhturov , including six battalions of infantry , one battalion from the 8th Jäger regiment , and ten squadrons of the Hussar Regiment Mariupol .
 Beginning in January 1944 , training exercises were conducted carrying the Tetrarchs and their crews inside Hamilcar gliders . These exercises were successful ; during the training by ' C ' Squadron of the Glider Pilot Regiment , which specialised in flying the Hamilcars , over 2 @,@ 800 lifts were made with an average of 50 lifts per crew . Only three incidents resulted in fatalities or injuries , with seven pilots killed during the training . When the Tetrarch was re @-@ designated as an airborne tank , several changes were made to its design . A number of tanks had their 2 pounder guns replaced with a 76 @.@ 2 @-@ millimetre ( 3 @.@ 00 in ) infantry support howitzer ; these tanks were then designated as Tetrarch 1 CS ( Close Support ) . Additionally , Littlejohn adaptors were added to those Tetrarchs which still possessed their 2 pounders to increase their muzzle velocity and armour penetration .
 = = Lawyer and state legislator = =
 At 09 : 00 Walker requested the US Air Force to make a maximum effort along the Naktong River from Toksong @-@ dong , just above the US 2nd Division boundary , southward and to a depth of 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of the river . He wanted the Air Force to isolate the battlefield and prevent further North Korean reinforcements and supplies from moving across the river in support of the North Korean spearhead units . The Far East Command requested the US Navy to join in the air effort , and the US Seventh Fleet turned back from its strikes in the Inch 'on @-@ Seoul area and sped southward at full steam toward the southern battle front . Walker came to the US 2nd Division front at 12 : 00 and ordered the division to hold at all costs . He had already ordered ground reinforcements to the Yongsan area .
 Manila also hosts several well @-@ known sports facilities such as the Enrique M. Razon Sports Center and the University of Santo Tomas Sports Complex , both of which are private venues owned by a university ; collegiate sports are also held , with the University Athletic Association of the Philippines and the National Collegiate Athletic Association basketball games held at Rizal Memorial Coliseum and Ninoy Aquino Stadium , although basketball events had transferred to San Juan 's Filoil Flying V Arena and the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City . Other collegiate sports are still held at the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex . Professional basketball also used to play at the city , but the Philippine Basketball Association now holds their games at Araneta Coliseum and Cuneta Astrodome at Pasay ; the now defunct Philippine Basketball League played some of their games at the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex .
 NJCAA All @-@ American ( 1997 , 1998 )
 Another transformation of high synthetic utility is asymmetric epoxidation . A number of asymmetric epoxidations exist : the Sharpless epoxidation , the Jacobsen @-@ Katsuki epoxidation , and the Juliá @-@ Colonna Epoxidation . These methods require specific functionality in order to achieve selectivity . The Sharpless epoxidation is specific to allylic alcohols , the Jacobsen epoxidation requires cis @-@ disubstituted aryl alkenes , and the Juliá epoxidation requires α @-@ β unsaturated ketones . Chiral oxaziridines act stereospecifically on many unfunctionalized alkenes . It has even possible to effect stereospecific epoxidation catalytically in the oxaziridine chiral unit . Further investigation into these reactions may be required before levels of enantiometic excess become practical for large scale synthesis . Lusinichi et al. have investigated asymmetric epoxidation with a chiral oxaziridinium salt using oxone as the stoichiometric oxidant seen below .
 Seagoing ships intended to " stand in the line of battle " ; the precursors of the battleship .
 Optical imaging inside the crater was done for the first time by the Japanese lunar orbiter spacecraft Kaguya in 2007 . It did not have any evidence of significant amount of water ice , down to the image resolution of 10 m per pixel .
 = = = North Korean advance = = =
 Independiente debuted at the top of the Billboard Top Latin Albums for the week ending 22 October 2011 , and remained at that position the following week . It was the third album by Arjona to remain for more than a week at number one , after Galería Caribe ( 2000 ) and 5to Piso . Independiente became his fourth chart @-@ topper , following Poquita Ropa ( 2010 ) . For its third week it fell to number two , replaced by Chino & Nacho 's Supremo . The album also debuted at number one on the Latin Pop Albums chart for the week ending 22 October , becoming Arjona 's fifth album to do so . It remained at number one the following week ; for its third week , it was replaced by Supremo . The album reached number one again for the week ending 12 November , and later for the week ending 11 February 2012 . For its second run it remained three weeks at the top before being replaced by Maná 's Drama y Luz for a week ; for its third run at number one , it remained at the top spot for five weeks . For the week ending 2 June 2012 , Independiente returned again to number one .
 = = = Christian tradition = = =
 OVW Southern Tag Team Championship ( 3 times ) – with Shelton Benjamin
 † — A game postponed from Round 7 , held in Round 8 , was played with Victoria Aces as the away team and Queensland Rams as the home team , despite being played at Geelong Baseball Park , Geelong , Victoria .
 Political conflicts in Vienna delayed Austria 's entry into the Third Coalition until 1805 . After hostilities of the War of the Second Coalition ended in 1801 , Archduke Charles--the emperor 's brother--took advantage of the subsequent years of peace to develop a military restructuring plan . He carefully put this plan into effect beginning in 1803 – 04 , but implementation was incomplete in 1805 when Karl Mack , Lieutenant Field Marshal and Quartermaster @-@ General of the Army , implemented his own restructuring . Mack bypassed Charles ' methodical approach . Occurring in the field , Mack 's plan also undermined the overall command and organizational structure . Regardless , Mack sent an enthusiastic report to Vienna on the military 's readiness . Furthermore , after misreading Napoleon 's maneuvers in Württemberg , Mack also reported to Vienna on the weakness of French dispositions . His reports convinced the war party advising the emperor , Francis II , to enter the conflict against France , despite Charles ' own advice to the contrary . Responding to the report and rampant anti @-@ French fever in Vienna , Francis dismissed Charles from his post as generalissimo and appointed his Francophobic brother @-@ in @-@ law , Archduke Ferdinand , as commander .
 On a for @-@ hire basis , the city is served by numerous taxicabs , " tricycles " ( motorcycles with sidecars , the Philippine version of the auto rickshaw ) , and " trisikads " or " sikads " ( bicycles with a sidecars , the Philippine version of pedicabs ) . In some areas , especially in Divisoria , motorized pedicabs are popular . Spanish @-@ era horse @-@ drawn calesas are still a popular tourist attraction and mode of transportation in the streets of Binondo and Intramuros . All types of public road transport are privately owned and operated under government franchise .
 = = Imagists after Imagism = =
 Diplomatic failure at the highest levels of government prevented the operation from occurring at the beginning of 1941 which had been drawn up in detail by the Wehrmacht in the summer and autumn of 1940 .
 Some modern biblical scholars such as Delbert Hillers ( Johns Hopkins University ) of the American Schools of Oriental Research and the editors of the Oxford & Harper Collins Study Bibles , contend that the number 666 in the Book of Revelation is a code for Nero , a view that is also supported in Roman Catholic Biblical commentaries .
 Imagism has been described as the most influential movement in English poetry since the activity of the Pre @-@ Raphaelites . As a poetic style it gave Modernism its start in the early 20th century , and is considered to be the first organized Modernist literary movement in the English language . Imagism is sometimes viewed as ' a succession of creative moments ' rather than any continuous or sustained period of development . René Taupin remarked that ' It is more accurate to consider Imagism not as a doctrine , nor even as a poetic school , but as the association of a few poets who were for a certain time in agreement on a small number of important principles ' .
 Since the opening up of the Bintulu – Miri road in the 1970s , large @-@ scale plantations of oil palm and cocoa has been developed in rural areas of Bintulu Division . Currently , there are 57 @,@ 740 hectares ( 577 @.@ 4 km2 ( 223 sq mi ) ) of oil palm , 2 @,@ 000 hectares ( 200 km2 ( 77 sq mi ) ) of Rattan , and 815 hectares ( 8 @.@ 15 km2 ( 3 sq mi ) ) of pepper plantations .
 On April 15 , 2009 , Kershaw pitched seven innings , striking out 13 batters while allowing only one hit ( a solo home run ) against the rival San Francisco Giants . He was the youngest Dodger to ever strikeout 13 or more batters in a game since Sandy Koufax did it in the 1955 season . On May 17 , 2009 , Kershaw did not allow a hit against the Florida Marlins through 7 innings , then gave up a lead @-@ off double to Florida 's Cody Ross . In 2009 , despite an 8 – 8 record , he led the major leagues in opposing batting average ( .200 ) , opposing slugging percentage ( .282 ) , and hits per nine innings ( 6 @.@ 26 ) . He also posted an ERA of 2 @.@ 79 and 185 strikeouts . Kershaw also walked 91 batters , which was second most in the National League ( NL ) .
 = = Personal background = =
 In 67 , Nero ordered a young freedman , Sporus , to be castrated and then married him . According to Dion Cassius , Sporus bore an uncanny resemblance to Sabina , and Nero even called him by his dead wife 's name .
 Increasing wind shear weakened the convection , and Parma deteriorated into a severe tropical storm on October 26 . The next day , it began moving westward while passing about 345 km ( 215 mi ) north of Wake Island . A large eye of 110 km ( 70 mi ) in diameter developed , and on October 28 , the JMA re @-@ upgraded Parma to typhoon status . The next day , the typhoon turned to the northeast due to another approaching trough . With decreasing wind shear and warmer waters , Parma re @-@ intensified significantly on October 29 , reaching a secondary peak of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) according to JMA , and 215 km / h ( 135 mph ) according to JTWC . The storm moved very closely along the track it took several days prior . Increasing wind shear on October 30 caused rapid weakening , resulting in the eye dissipating . By the next day , the center was exposed , and Parma became extratropical , later exiting the basin on November 1 . The remnants weakened , later turning to the southeast and dissipating on November 11 southwest of California .
 The first fleet battle , and the first ocean battle , involving ironclad warships was the Battle of Lissa in 1866 . Waged between the Austrian and Italian navies , the battle pitted combined fleets of wooden frigates and corvettes and ironclad warships on both sides in the largest naval battle between the battles of Navarino and Tsushima .
 = = History of study = =
 The Olmec colossal heads are at least seventeen monumental stone representations of human heads sculpted from large basalt boulders . The heads date from at least before 900 BC and are a distinctive feature of the Olmec civilization of ancient Mesoamerica . All portray mature men with fleshy cheeks , flat noses , and slightly crossed eyes ; their physical characteristics correspond to a type that is still common among the inhabitants of Tabasco and Veracruz . The backs of the monuments often are flat . The boulders were brought from the Sierra de los Tuxtlas mountains of Veracruz . Given that the extremely large slabs of stone used in their production were transported over large distances , requiring a great deal of human effort and resources , it is thought that the monuments represent portraits of powerful individual Olmec rulers . Each of the known examples has a distinctive headdress . The heads were variously arranged in lines or groups at major Olmec centres , but the method and logistics used to transport the stone to these sites remain unclear .
 = = = 2000 – 2005 = = =
 Temnospondyli ( from Greek τέμνειν ( temnein , " to cut " ) and σπόνδυλος ( spondylos , " vertebra " ) ) is a diverse subclass of extinct small to giant tetrapods — often considered primitive amphibians — that flourished worldwide during the Carboniferous , Permian , and Triassic periods . A few species continued into the Cretaceous . Fossils have been found on every continent . During about 210 million years of evolutionary history , they adapted to a wide range of habitats , including fresh water , terrestrial , and even coastal marine environments . Their life history is well understood , with fossils known from the larval stage , metamorphosis , and maturity . Most temnospondyls were semiaquatic , although some were almost fully terrestrial , returning to the water only to breed . These temnospondyls were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land . Although temnospondyls are considered amphibians , many had characteristics , such as scales , claws , and armour @-@ like bony plates , that distinguish them from modern amphibians .
 Some of the impedance terms and section terms used in this article are pictured in the diagram below . Image theory defines quantities in terms of an infinite cascade of two @-@ port sections , and in the case of the filters being discussed , an infinite ladder network of L @-@ sections . Here " L " should not be confused with the inductance L – in electronic filter topology , " L " refers to the specific filter shape which resembles inverted letter " L " .
 United Kingdom Area , headed by a director and responsible for Channel Islands , Faroe Islands , Iceland , Ireland , Isle of Man and the United Kingdom
 After WrestleMania , Lesnar turned his attention to John Cena , who had returned from injury in February 2003 and who had been F @-@ 5'd into a ringpost in the same manner Angle had been . Cena claimed Lesnar nearly ended his career and even named his new finishing move the " F.U. " as a jab at the new champion . The feud ended in a match at Backlash when Lesnar defeated Cena . On the following episode of SmackDown ! , Lesnar returned to his rivalry with Big Show after he injured Rey Mysterio badly during their match at Backlash . Show 's attack resulted in Mysterio being carried out on a stretcher and back board and Big Show took Mysterio off the stretcher and swung the back board into the ringpost , compounding the injury . Lesnar called out the Big Show , who demanded that Lesnar put his title on the line against him . This led to a stretcher match at Judgment Day for the title . Lesnar successfully retained his title with help from Rey Mysterio and a forklift . During the scripted rivalry , on SmackDown , Lesnar lifted Big Show off the top @-@ rope in a superplex which caused the ring to collapse on impact .
 Yates and Warren also named Dvinosauria , a clade of small aquatic temnospondyls from the Carboniferous , Permian , and Triassic . They placed Dvinosauria within Limnarchia , but more recent studies disagree on their position . For example , a 2007 study places them even more basal than euskelians , while a 2008 study keeps them as basal limnarchians .
 Family Rhinesuchidae
 Although not all of the replicas were placed by him , the majority of replicas around the world were placed under the leadership of Miguel Alemán Velasco , former governor of the state of Veracruz . The following is a list of replicas and their locations within the United States :
 At West Palm Beach , the majority of the damage was confined to vegetation . Several coconut and royal palms that withstood the 1928 hurricane snapped , littering streets with broken trunks . Winds downed road signs on many streets , and floodwaters covered the greens on a local golf course . Some garages and isolated structures , mostly lightweight , were partly or totally destroyed , along with a lumber warehouse . Some homes that lost roofing shingles had water damage to their interiors as well . Nearby Lake Worth sustained extensive breakage of windows , including plate glass , and loss of tile and shingle roofing , but preparations reduced losses to just several thousand dollars , and no post @-@ storm accidents took place . Strong winds snapped many light poles in the city , and trees and shrubs were broken or uprooted . As in Lake Worth , officials in West Palm Beach credited preparations and stringent building codes with reducing overall damage . The city had learned from previous experience with severe storms in 1926 , 1928 , and 1929 . High tides eroded Ocean Boulevard at several spots and disrupted access to several bridges on the Lake Worth Lagoon . Winter estates and hotels on Palm Beach generally sustained little material damage , except to vegetation , and county properties went largely unscathed .
 = = = Production = = =
 The Office of Military Cooperation , just one and a half blocks from the embassy , required evacuation . Despite its proximity to the embassy , an armed convoy was needed to evacuate persons trapped there by the unrest . A convoy of vehicles with several Marines and SEALs left the embassy at 8 : 47 and returned ten minutes later with 22 persons from the OMC ( four Americans , a Filipino , and 17 Kenyans ) . This was the only excursion outside the embassy by the security detail . Throughout the day , foreign diplomats contacted the embassy desiring to be evacuated ; the US welcomed these requests , but required all of them to find their own transportation to the embassy .
 = = = Road to Ulm = = =
 The episode saw several major design changes for the series . " The Snowmen " is the debut of a redesigned TARDIS interior , as well as a new title sequence and variation of the theme tune . The new title sequence features a brief glimpse of the Doctor 's face , the first time since Survival , the final serial of the classic series in 1989 , that the Doctor 's face has been seen in the title sequence . Moffat had noticed that the TARDIS ' design was getting " progressively whimsical " and resembled more of a " magical place " rather than a machine . It was designed by series production designer Michael Pickwood , who stated that the new interior was also supposed to be " darker and moodier " and provide an easier access to the " gallery " of the ship when shooting .
 = = = Manchester United = = =
 = = = Collegiate wrestling = = =
 = Zrinski Battalion =
 Reaction to The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was mixed . Anthony Burgess in The Observer called it " astonishing " , Christopher Booker of The Daily Telegraph described it as a " powerful piece " , and English author A. S. Byatt said it was a " masterpiece " . In Explaining Hitler , Ron Rosenbaum called The Portage " A Frankenstein story " , referring to Steiner 's fictive Hitler has having taken on a life of its own . Writing in Time magazine , Otto Friedrich described the book " a philosophic fantasy of remarkable intensity " , adding that by not refuting Hitler 's speech , Steiner deviates from the horrors of traditional Holocaust literature and ends the book " on a note of bleak ambiguity " .
 UB @-@ 1 and the still incomplete UB @-@ 15 were sold to the Austria @-@ Hungary in February 1915 ; both were dismantled and shipped to Pola in May . After one cruise under the German flag , each boat was commissioned into the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy . The pair — renamed U @-@ 10 and U @-@ 11 , respectively — were joined by U @-@ 15 , U @-@ 16 , and U @-@ 17 in October . Known as the U @-@ 10 or the Okarina ( English : Ocarina ) class as a part of the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy , the five boats operated primarily in the Adriatic in patrols off Italy and Albania . U @-@ 10 ( ex UB @-@ 1 ) hit a mine in July 1918 and was beached , but had not been repaired by the end of the war . U @-@ 16 was sunk after she torpedoed an Italian destroyer in October 1916 , and the remaining three ( and the unrepaired U @-@ 10 ) were ceded to Italy at the end of the war .
 = = = Ratings = = =
 Iron @-@ built ships used wood as part of their protection scheme . HMS Warrior was protected by 4 @.@ 5 in ( 114 mm ) of wrought iron backed by 15 in ( 381 mm ) of teak , the strongest shipbuilding wood . The wood played two roles , preventing spalling and also preventing the shock of a hit damaging the structure of the ship . Later , wood and iron were combined in ' sandwich ' armor , for instance in HMS Inflexible .
 On 29 October 2009 , Amos signed for the Championship team Peterborough United on a month 's loan as cover for Peterborough 's suspended first @-@ choice goalkeeper Joe Lewis . He made his only appearance on 31 October in a 2 – 1 defeat against Barnsley . After returning to Manchester United , Amos was again sent out on loan in March 2010 , this time to Norwegian side Molde FK , where he remained on loan until 30 June 2010 .
 = = = = Turrets , batteries and barbettes = = = =
 Manila is located on the eastern shores of Manila bay , which rests on the western shores of Luzon . Manila lies 800 miles ( 1 @,@ 300 kilometers ) from mainland Asia . The Pasig River bisects Manila .
 The design of the Fusō @-@ class battleships was shaped both by the ongoing international naval arms race and a desire among Japanese naval planners to maintain a fleet of capital ships powerful enough to defeat the United States Navy in an encounter in Japanese territorial waters . The IJN 's fleet of battleships had proven highly successful in 1905 , the last year of the Russo @-@ Japanese War , which culminated in the destruction of the Russian Second and Third Pacific Squadrons at the Battle of Tsushima .
 Tatwine or Tatwin ( Tatuini or Tadwinus ; c . 670 – 734 ) was the tenth Archbishop of Canterbury from 731 to 734 . Prior to becoming archbishop , he was a monk and abbot of a Benedictine monastery . Besides his ecclesiastical career , Tatwine was a writer , and riddles he composed survive . Another work he composed was on the grammar of the Latin language , which was aimed at advanced students of that language . He was subsequently considered a saint .
 Petrick 's work is held in a variety of public and private collections , including Artbank , the Charles Sturt University Collection , the Holmes a Court Collection , and the National Gallery of Victoria .
 A third prequel , titled " The Battle of Demon 's Run — Two Days Later " was released on the United States iTunes and Amazon Video stores on 25 March 2013 . Two days after the events of " A Good Man Goes to War " , Vastra and Jenny convince Strax that he is not mortally wounded and invite him to accompany them back to 1800s London . The scene had been filmed as an extra due to the anticipation that fans would ask how Strax was resurrected and came to be in Vastra 's employ .
 = = = Commissioners = = =
 Kershaw was drafted seventh overall in the 2006 MLB draft . He worked his way through the Dodgers ' farm system in just one full season , and reached the majors at 20 years old . When he debuted in 2008 , he was the youngest player in MLB , a title he held for one full year . In 2011 , he won the pitching Triple Crown and the National League Cy Young Award , becoming the youngest pitcher to accomplish either of these feats since Dwight Gooden in 1985 . Kershaw pitched a no @-@ hitter on June 18 , 2014 , becoming the 22nd Dodger to do so . Being a left @-@ handed strikeout pitcher and playing for the Los Angeles Dodgers , Kershaw has often been compared to Hall of Fame pitcher Sandy Koufax . He became the first pitcher in history to lead MLB in ERA for four consecutive years when he did so in the 2011 through 2014 seasons .
 Temnospondyls first appeared in the Early Carboniferous around 330 million years ago ( Mya ) . During the Carboniferous , temnospondyls included basal medium @-@ sized forms such as Dendrerpeton or large semiaquatic forms such as Cochleosaurus . Other , more derived temnospondyls , such as the amphibamids , were smaller and more terrestrial . They resembled salamanders , and some taxa , such as the genus Branchiosaurus , even retained external gills like the modern @-@ day axolotl . During the latest Carboniferous and Early Permian around 300 Mya , several groups , such as the dissorophids and trematopids evolved strong , robust limbs and vertebrae and became adapted to life on land while others such as the eryopids , developed into large semiaquatic predators . The dvinosaurs , a group of small aquatic temnospondyls , evolved from terrestrial ancestors in the Late Carboniferous .
 Osbert had two sons , William de Bayeux and Turstin de Baius . Osbert was a benefactor to a number of monasteries , including Drax Priory , Pontefract Priory and Gisborough Priory . He also gave land to a hospital in York and to the Templars and Hospitallers .
 Manila became the center of Spanish activity in the Far East and one end of the Manila @-@ Acapulco Galleon trade route , linking Spanish America with Asia , one of the earliest examples of globalization . Due to the central location in the Pacific sea trade routes , Manila received the moniker of the " Pearl of the Orient " . Spanish rule of Manila and the entire Philippine archipelago lasted for over three centuries , until 1898 . At different times during the long Spanish period there were local revolts , Chinese insurrections , massive pirate attacks , great earthquakes , Dutch raids and invasion attempts , and a British occupation of the city during their unsuccessful attempt to conquer the Philippines . Order was usually quickly restored and the city returned to the business of trade . In the 19th century Manila was one of the most modern cities in Asia . Before the Spanish – American War , Manila saw the rise of the Philippine Revolution . Under the American rule following the Spanish – American War , the United States changed the official language from Spanish to English and made some changes in education , local laws and urban planning . Towards the end of World War II , during the Battle of Manila most of the city was flattened by intensive aerial bombardment by the United States Air Force . As a result , relatively little remains of Manila 's prewar and colonial architecture , although there are ongoing restoration projects , especially within the old walled city , Intramuros .
 Chiral camphorsulfonyloxaziridines proved useful in the syntheses of complex natural product , such as taxol which is marketed as a chemotherapy agent . Both the Holton Taxol total synthesis and the Wender Taxol total synthesis feature asymmetric α @-@ hydroxylation with camphorsulfonyloxaziridine .
 After months of not working on the poem , Eliot began to feel compelled to finish it ; it was not until August 1942 , however , that he started working on it again . In total , there were five drafts . The poem was finished by 19 September 1942 and published in the October New English Weekly . Little Gidding was intended to conclude the Four Quartets series , summarising Eliot 's views expressed in this series of poems .
 View of the World has been parodied by Ted Rall , Columbia Pictures , The New Yorker , The Economist and Mad Magazine , among others . The work has been imitated and printed without authorization in a variety of ways . The Columbia parody led to a ruling by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries , Inc. in favor of Steinberg because of copyright violations by Columbia Pictures . The work is regarded as one of the greatest magazine covers of recent generations and is studied by art students around the world .
 Kershaw was selected to the 2013 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his third straight selection . In July , he compiled a 4 – 1 record and 1 @.@ 34 ERA in six starts and was awarded his second National League Pitcher of the Month Award . On September 2 , Kershaw picked up his 200th strikeout of 2013 , joining Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax and Don Drysdale as the only starters in Dodgers history with at least 4 consecutive seasons of more than 200 strikeouts .
 = = Description = =
 Gore assented to the Treaty of Ghent that ended the war , but was unhappy that the nation had not gained anything from the war . He resigned in June 1816 , unhappy with the politics of Washington and suffering from poor health . Although he was no longer active in politics , he continued to express opinions on the subjects of the day , opposing the 1820 Missouri Compromise and bemoaning the " great moderation & mediocrity " of Federalist Governor John Brooks .
 On September 4 , Haynes changed the boundary between the 38th and 23rd Infantry Regiments , giving the northern part of the 23rd 's sector to the 38th Infantry , thus releasing 1st Battalion for movement southward to help the 2nd Battalion defend the southern approach to Changnyong . The 1st Battalion , 23rd Infantry , about 1 @,@ 100 men strong when the attack began , was now down to a strength of approximately 600 men . The 23rd Infantry now made plans to concentrate all its troops on the position held by its 2nd Battalion on the Pugong @-@ ni @-@ Changnyong road . The 1st Battalion moved there and took a place on the left flank of the 2nd Battalion . At the same time the regimental command post moved to the rear of this position . In this regimental perimeter , the 23rd Infantry fought a series of hard battles . Simultaneously it had to send combat patrols to its rear to clear infiltrating North Koreans from Changnyong and from its supply road .
 Through Octavia , Nero was the great @-@ nephew of Caesar Augustus . Nero 's father had been employed as a praetor and was a member of Caligula 's staff when the latter travelled to the East ( some apparently think Suetonius refers to Augustus 's adopted son Gaius Caesar here , but this is not likely ) .
 In early June 1940 , about 13 @,@ 500 evacuees were shipped to Casablanca in French Morocco . However , following the capitulation of the French to the German armies later in June 1940 , the new Pro @-@ German French Vichy Government found the presence of Gibraltarian evacuees in Casablanca an embarrassment and sought opportunities for their removal . The opportunity soon arose when 15 British cargo vessels arrived under Commodore Crichton , repatriating 15 @,@ 000 French servicemen who had been rescued from Dunkirk . Once their own rescued servicemen had disembarked , the ships were interned until they agreed to take away all the evacuees . Although Crichton was unable to obtain permission to clean and restock his ships ( and contrary to British Admiralty orders which forbade the taking on of evacuees ) , when he saw the mass of civilians pouring through the dockyards , he opened up his gangways for boarding . Just beforehand , the British fleet had destroyed a number of French warships at Mers el @-@ Kebir in order to prevent them ending up in German hands . The attack , during which 1 @,@ 297 French sailors died , led to high tensions , which were evident when families were forced at bayonet point by French troops to board taking only what they could carry , leaving many possessions behind . However , when they arrived at Gibraltar , the Governor would not allow them to land , fearing that once the evacuees were back on the Rock , it would be virtually impossible to evacuate them a second time . Crowds gathered in John Mackintosh Square in the centre of Gibraltar as the news broke , speeches were made and two City Councillors accompanied by the Acting President of the Exchange and Commercial Library went to see the Governor ( Sir Clive Liddell ) to ask that the evacuees be allowed to land . After receiving instructions from London , a landing was allowed as long as the evacuees returned when other ships arrived to take them away from the Rock , and by 13 July the re @-@ evacuation back to Gibraltar had been completed .
 = = Early legal career = =
 = = = Architecture = = =
 The demise of Tetrarch was prevented by a decision made by the War Office in mid @-@ 1941 , as it was considering the equipment to be used by Britain 's fledgling airborne forces , formed in June 1940 under the orders of the Prime Minister , Winston Churchill . When selecting the equipment for the airborne forces , officials at the War Office concluded that gliders would be an integral component ; gliders would transport troops and heavy equipment , which , by 1941 , was to include artillery and some form of tank . Plans to transport a tank went through a number of revisions , but , by May 1941 , the feasibility of a 5 @.@ 5 metric tons ( 5 @.@ 4 long tons ) tank to be carried for 350 miles ( 560 km ) in a glider was accepted , although the aircraft would have to be specifically designed for the task . In a conference held on 16 January 1941 , it was decided that the General Aircraft Hamilcar , currently under development , would be used to transport a single Tetrarch tank or two Universal Carriers . The Tetrarch was chosen because it was an obsolete design , and was therefore available to be used by the airborne forces .
 North of the 9th Infantry sector of the 2nd Infantry Division front along the Naktong , the US 23rd Infantry Regiment on August 29 had just relieved the 3rd Battalion of the US 38th Infantry Regiment , which in turn had only a few days before relieved the US 21st Infantry Regiment of the US 24th Infantry Division . On August 1 , the 23rd Regiment was in a new sector of which it had only a limited knowledge . It took over a 16 @,@ 000 yards ( 15 @,@ 000 m ) Naktong River front without its 3rd Battalion which had been attached to the US 1st Cavalry Division to the north . Colonel Paul L. Freeman , the regimental commander , deployed the 1st Battalion on the high ground along the river with the three companies abreast . The 1st Battalion , under US Lieutenant Colonel Claire E. Hutchin , Jr . , outposted the hills with platoons and squads . He placed the 2nd Battalion in a reserve position 8 miles ( 13 km ) behind the 1st Battalion and in a position where it commanded the road net in the regimental sector . On August 31h the 2nd Division moved E Company south to a reserve position in the 9th Infantry sector .
 Inside the Rock of Gibraltar itself , miles of tunnels were excavated from the limestone . Masses of rock were blasted out to build an " underground city " . In huge man @-@ made caverns , barracks , offices , and a fully equipped hospital were constructed , complete with an operating theatre and X @-@ ray equipment .
 As human analysts using the technique lead to subjective biases , efforts have been made to make more objective estimates using computer programs , which have been aided by higher @-@ resolution satellite imagery and more powerful computers . Since tropical cyclone satellite patterns can fluctuate over time , automated techniques use a six @-@ hour averaging period to lead to more reliable intensity estimates . Development of the objective Dvorak technique began in 1998 , which performed best with tropical cyclones that had eyes ( of hurricane or typhoon strength ) . It still required a manual center placement , keeping some subjectivity within the process . By 2004 , an advanced objective Dvorak technique was developed which utilized banding features for systems below hurricane intensity and to objectively determine the tropical cyclone 's center . A central pressure bias was uncovered in 2004 relating to the slope of the tropopause and cloud top temperatures which change with latitude that helped improve central pressure estimates within the objective technique .
 A second variant on the Tetrarch design was the Tetrarch Duplex Drive ( " Tetrarch DD " ) . The Duplex Drive system was invented by Nicholas Straussler , and was designed to allow a tank to ' swim ' through water and participate in amphibious operations . The system functioned by erecting a large waterproof canvas screen around the tank above its tracks , which was supported by thirty @-@ six inflatable tubes and steel struts ; this gave the tank sufficient buoyancy to float , and was then propelled along by a small propeller powered by the tank 's engine . The screen could be collapsed by using a small explosive charge once the tank reached land . The system was fitted during June 1941 , as the Tetrarch was the lightest light tank available at the time ; the converted tank was successfully tested on a number of lakes and reservoirs , allowing the Duplex Drive system to be tested on heavier tanks , such as the Valentine . The system would be used during Operation Overlord , when M4 Sherman medium tanks would land on the invasion beaches .
 In mid @-@ 1941 , the Royal Armoured Corps in Britain created three tank squadrons for special overseas operations , known as ' A ' , ' B ' and ' C ' Special Service Squadrons . Both ' A ' and ' B ' Squadrons were equipped with Valentine Infantry tanks and Mark VIc light tanks , but ' C ' Squadron was equipped with twelve Tetrarchs transferred from the 2nd Armoured Brigade , 1st Armoured Division . On 31 July 1941 , ' C ' Squadron was officially activated and immediately received orders to prepare for overseas service alongside ' A ' and ' B ' Squadrons in an unspecified tropical climate . All three squadrons were transported to Inverary in Scotland for intensive training that focused on embarkation and disembarkation from ships and landing craft to prepare them for action in potential amphibious operations . In early September , elements of ' C ' Squadron , including six Tetrarchs , formed part of a force which sailed for Freetown in West Africa ; during this period of the war there were fears that the Spanish government might enter the conflict on the side of Germany , and the force was readied to capture a number of Spanish islands off the coast of Africa if this occurred . These fears proved groundless , and in March 1942 , the unit returned to Britain to join the rest of the squadron in training .
 = = Arts , culture and religion = =
 In the autumn of 744 , he met Li Bai ( Li Po ) for the first time , and the two poets formed a friendship . David Young describes this as " the most significant formative element in Du Fu 's artistic development " because it gave him a living example of the reclusive poet @-@ scholar life to which he was attracted after his failure in the civil service exam . The relationship was somewhat one @-@ sided , however . Du Fu was by some years the younger , while Li Bai was already a poetic star . We have twelve poems to or about Li Bai from the younger poet , but only one in the other direction . They met again only once , in 745 .
 Kid Bass ( Kurt Blankenship ) — bass ( 2015 – current )
 On January 11 , 2011 , Lesnar was announced as a coach of The Ultimate Fighter Season 13 , opposite Junior dos Santos , with the two expected to fight on June 11 at UFC 131 , however , he was struck with another bout of diverticulitis and had to withdraw from the fight on May 12 . He was replaced by Shane Carwin , who ended up losing against dos Santos . Lesnar underwent surgery on May 27 to help battle his problems with diverticulitis . Dana White said that he had a 12 @-@ inch piece of his colon removed .
 Reginald Blomfield 's Menin Gate was the first memorial to the missing located in Europe to be completed , and was unveiled on 24 July 1927 . The Menin Gate ( Menenpoort ) was found to have insufficient space to contain all the names as originally planned and 34 @,@ 984 names of the missing were instead inscribed on Herbert Baker 's Tyne Cot Memorial to the Missing . Other memorials followed : the Helles Memorial in Gallipoli designed by John James Burnet ; the Thiepval Memorial on the Somme and the Arras Memorial designed by Edwin Lutyens ; and the Basra Memorial in Iraq designed by Edward Prioleau Warren . The Dominions and India also erected memorials on which they commemorated their missing : the Neuve @-@ Chapelle Memorial for the forces of India , the Vimy Memorial by Canada , the Villers @-@ Bretonneux Memorial by Australia , the Delville Wood Memorial by South Africa and the Beaumont @-@ Hamel Memorial by Newfoundland . The programme of commemorating the dead of the Great War was considered essentially complete with the inauguration of the Thiepval Memorial in 1932 , though the Vimy Memorial would not be finished until 1936 , the Villers @-@ Bretonneux Memorial until 1938 and stonemasons were still conducting work on the Menin Gate when Germany invaded Belgium in 1940 .
 The Cooperative Institute for Meteorological Satellite Studies ( CIMSS ) at the University of Wisconsin – Madison has developed the Objective Dvorak Technique ( ODT ) . This is a modified version of the Dvorak technique which uses computer algorithms rather than subjective human interpretation to arrive at a CI number . This is generally not implemented for tropical depressions or weak tropical storms . The China Meteorological Agency ( CMA ) is expected to start using the standard 1984 version of Dvorak in the near future . The Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD ) prefers using visible satellite imagery over infrared imagery due to a perceived high bias in estimates derived from infrared imagery during the early morning hours of convective maximum . The Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) uses the infrared version of Dvorak over the visible imagery version . Hong Kong Observatory and JMA continue to utilize Dvorak after tropical cyclone landfall . Various centers hold on to the maximum current intensity for 6 – 12 hours , though this rule is broken when rapid weakening is obvious .
 By this time , the US 2nd Infantry Division suffered 1 @,@ 120 killed , 2 @,@ 563 wounded , 67 captured and 69 missing during its time at Pusan Perimeter . This included about 180 casualties it suffered during the First Battle of Naktong Bulge the previous month . American forces were continually repulsed but able to prevent the North Koreans from breaking the Pusan Perimeter . The division had numbered 17 @,@ 498 on September 1 , but was in excellent position to attack despite its casualties . The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade suffered 185 killed and around 500 wounded during the Battle of Pusan Perimeter , most of which probably occurred at Yongsan .
 = = = Casting = = =
 = = = Losses = = =
 Known as the " Floating Trojan Horse of Gibraltar " , Decima Flottiglia MAS , an Italian commando frogman unit created during the Fascist government , engaged in numerous attacks against the harbour at Gibraltar .
 The centre @-@ battery was the simpler and , during the 1860s and 1870s , the more popular method . Concentrating guns amidships meant the ship could be shorter and handier than a broadside type . The first full @-@ scale centre @-@ battery ship was HMS Bellerophon of 1865 ; the French laid down centre @-@ battery ironclads in 1865 which were not completed until 1870 . Centre @-@ battery ships often , but not always , had a recessed freeboard enabling some of their guns to fire directly ahead .
 Three of the most eminent architects of their day , Sir Herbert Baker , Sir Reginald Blomfield , and Sir Edwin Lutyens were commissioned to design the cemeteries and memorials . Rudyard Kipling was appointed literary advisor for the language used for memorial inscriptions .
 = = Opposition to William fitzHerbert = =
 For the Coalition , the Russians were secure on the north bank of the Danube , awaiting reinforcements from Galicia ; the bridges between Linz and Vienna had been destroyed , making French access to the Austrian capital more difficult , but not impossible . After six months of fighting in which the Austrians had enjoyed little good news , the Coalition could claim a difficult and timely victory . The French had retreated from the field with a badly mauled division and Kutuzov had secured the right flank . Indeed , Francis was so pleased with the outcome at Dürenstein that he awarded Kutuzov the Military Order of Maria Theresa .
 = = = = Asia / Pacific Rim = = = =
 Du Fu 's mother died shortly after he was born , and he was partially raised by his aunt . He had an elder brother , who died young . He also had three half brothers and one half sister , to whom he frequently refers in his poems , although he never mentions his stepmother .
 The continuous shadows in the south polar craters cause the floors of these formations to maintain a temperature that never exceeds about 100 K. For Shackleton , the average temperature was determined to be about 90 K , reaching 88 K at the crater floor . Under these conditions , the estimated rate of loss from any ice in the interior would be 10 − 26 to 10 − 27 m / s . Any water vapor that arrives here following a cometary impact on the Moon would lie permanently frozen on or below the surface . However , the surface albedo of the crater floor matches the lunar far @-@ side , suggesting that there is no exposed surface ice .
 = = High school = =
 Continuing southward , NY 93 runs across open , rolling terrain , meeting CR 259 ( Tonawanda Creek Road ) on its way to the hamlet of Swifts Mills . Here , the rural surroundings briefly give way to residential areas as NY 93 intersects with CR 255 ( Swift Mills Road ) in the center of the community . South of Swifts Mills , the road serves only intermittent stretches of homes for 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) , including a cluster of residences around its closely spaced intersections with CR 253 ( Carney Road ) and CR 42 ( Rapids Road ) . It continues on a southward track past the eastern terminus of CR 218 ( Hunts Corner – Akron Road ) to the outskirts of the village of Akron , where the highway turns east onto Lewis Road and soon enters the village limits . NY 93 runs past a line of homes before intersecting Cedar Street , a road maintained by Erie County as CR 261 north of the village .
 = = = Torpedoes = = =
 = = Production = =
 = = Translation = =
 Arjona appeared on a television special in 2011 to promote Independiente . The special featured guest appearances by Gaby Moreno , Ricky Muñoz ( of the Mexican band Intocable ) and Paquita la del Barrio . Broadcast by Televisa , the program showcased the fourteen songs on Independiente . Muñoz said that he was " happy to do things for Ricardo [ Arjona ] " , elaborating that they met each other " some time ago " and it was " a very special situation " . The show was later rebroadcast on 5 November by Canal de las Estrellas .
 = = Background = =
 The illustration — humorously depicting New Yorkers ' self @-@ image of their place in the world , or perhaps outsiders ' view of New Yorkers ' self @-@ image — inspired many similar works , including the poster for the 1984 film Moscow on the Hudson ; that movie poster led to a lawsuit , Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries , Inc . , 663 F. Supp . 706 ( S.D.N.Y. 1987 ) , which held that Columbia Pictures violated the copyright Steinberg held on his work .
 Over the next three months there were violent clashes , with local youths throwing stones at police . Violence came to a head on Saturday , 19 April after a planned march from Burntollet Bridge to the city centre was banned . A protest in the city centre led to clashes with " Paisleyites " — unionists in sympathy with the anti @-@ civil rights stance of Ian Paisley . Police attempting to drive the protesters back into the Bogside were themselves driven back to their barracks . A series of pitched battles followed , and barricades were built , often under the supervision of Bernadette Devlin , newly elected MP for Mid Ulster . Police pursuing rioters broke into a house in William Street and severely beat the occupant , Samuel Devenny , his family and two friends . Devenny was brought to hospital " bleeding profusely from a number of head wounds . " At midnight four hundred RUC men in full riot gear and carrying riot shields occupied the Bogside . Convoys of police vehicles drove through the area with headlights blazing .
 The film follows Ezra Greer , a middle @-@ aged man who has worked hard since his youth . He cares deeply for his motherless daughter , Mary , but was unable to attend the annual commencement at her co @-@ educational college . He awaits for her to return from college , but Mary leaves with her romantic interest , Jack Denbeigh . On promise of marriage and wealth , Mary is romanced and gives birth to a fatherless child . Without word from his daughter , Ezra resigns from his job and attempts to seek her out and finds a poor motherless child , Marie . With Ezra 's money exhausted he seeks employment and finds it as the valet of Jack .
 = = = Return to WWE = = =
 = = = = Baltic Flotilla = = = =
 Lim was sued by councilor Dennis Alcoreza on 2008 over human rights , charged with graft over the rehabilitation of public schools , and was heavily criticized for his haphazard resolution of the Rizal Park hostage taking incident , one of the deadliest hostage crisis in the Philippines . Later on , Vice Mayor Isko Moreno and 28 city councilors filed another case against Lim in 2012 , stating that Lim 's statement in a meeting were " life @-@ threatening " to them . On the 2013 elections , former President Joseph Estrada defeated Lim in the mayoral race . During his term , Estrada has paid the city 's over ₱ 5 billion debts , increase revenues by 2 @.@ 35 times from ₱ 6 @.@ 2 billion in 2012 to ₱ 14 @.@ 6 billion by 2016 , spent from 2013 to 2016 an unprecedented ₱ 6 @.@ 76 billion for the city 's infrastructure , built and or renovated seven city public markets , built 22 schools , increased teachers ' incomes , modernized the six city hospitals and bought dialysis machines and magnetic resonance imaging scanners , increased the efficiency of the police force and reduced crime . Manila has become the most competitive city in the Philippines by 2015 , making the city the best place for doing business and for living in .
 Aldington 's poems , Choricos , To a Greek Marble , and Au Vieux Jardin , were in the November issue of Poetry , and H.D. ' s , Hermes of the Ways , Priapus , and Epigram , appeared in the January 1913 issue ; Imagism as a movement was launched . Poetry 's April issue published what came to be seen as " Imagism 's enabling text " , the haiku @-@ like poem of Ezra Pound entitled " In a Station of the Metro " :
 3rd Division under command of Jean @-@ Baptiste Dumonceau ( Batavian Division , formerly 3rd Division of the II . Corps ) . The 3rd Division was not involved in the fighting .
 Hitler states that he was not the originator of evil . " [ Stalin ] had perfected genocide when I was still a nameless scribbler in Munich . " Further , Hitler asserts that the number of lives lost due to his actions are dwarfed by various world atrocities , including those in Russia , China and Africa .
 His place in Roman history is therefore summarized as a necessary , if tumultuous stop @-@ gap before the Trajanic @-@ Antonine dynasties . It is a fact of irony that even the only major public work completed during his reign , the Forum of Nerva , ultimately became known as the Forum Transitorium , or transitional forum .
 = = = = α @-@ Hydroxylation of enolates = = = =
 Sports in Manila have a long and distinguished history . The city 's , and in general the country 's main sport is basketball , and most barangays have a makeshift basketball court , with court markings drawn on the streets . Larger barangays have covered courts where interbarangay leagues are held every summer ( April to May ) .
 Amos attended Fallibroome High School , where he earned 11 GCSEs at grade C or above .
 NCAA Division I All @-@ American ( 1999 , 2000 )
 Kershaw had a 41 inning scoreless inning streak that ended in the top of the sixth inning on July 10 when , with two outs , Chase Headley homered to left field at Dodger Stadium . Kershaw 's streak was , at the time , tied for the fifteenth longest scoreless inning streak in MLB history . He won the pitcher of the month award again in July , the third Dodger ( along with Don Sutton and Burt Hooton ) to win it two months in a row . He was 4 – 0 with a 1 @.@ 10 ERA in the month with 48 strikeouts and only 10 walks . He picked up his 200th strikeout of the season on September 2 , the fifth year in a row he had reached that number , trailing only the six seasons in a row for Sandy Koufax among Dodger starters . He also became just the fourth pitcher since 1893 to have at least five 200 @-@ strikeout seasons through an age @-@ 26 season ( Bert Blyleven , Walter Johnson and Sam McDowell are the others ) .
 Dodd is a Grade IV equestrian competitor , coached by Peter Turner . Due to her sacral agenesis , when she rides her horse , she dislocates several bones every time , but as a result of anti @-@ doping rules , she has had to find alternative ways of coping with pain associated with riding .
 Lesnar returned to the WWE on April 2 , 2012 , on Raw , as a heel by confronting and delivering an F @-@ 5 to John Cena . The following week on Raw , general manager John Laurinaitis revealed that he signed Lesnar to bring " legitimacy " back to the WWE and become the " new face of the WWE " . Laurinaitis also announced that Lesnar would face Cena at Extreme Rules with the Extreme Rules stipulation later added to the match . Lesnar was dominant throughout the match until Cena punched Lesnar in the face with a steel chain wrapped around his fist . Cena then delivered the Attitude Adjustment to Lesnar onto steel steps and Lesnar lost the match .
 Overhead belly @-@ to @-@ belly , sometimes into or out of the ring
 = = = Other relationships = = =
 As of July 2016 , Lesnar 's eldest son , Brock Jr. is ranked # 1 in Saskatchewan and # 4 in all of Canada in amateur wrestling .
 Hannah Dodd was born on 27 April 1992 , and is from Arcadia , New South Wales . She has sacral agenesis and spina bifida with upper limb dystonia , and is missing four vertebrae in her back . When she was about a year old , her kidneys started failing . Her entire renal system needed to be reconstructed . She has two older brothers . She can walk with the aide of a caliper , and also uses a wheelchair . As of 2012 , she is a horse riding teacher and student at the University of Western Sydney where she is majoring in sports and exercise science .
 Monument 23 is sculpted from andesite and falls in the middle of the size range for confirmed colossal heads . It stands 1 @.@ 84 metres ( 6 @.@ 0 ft ) high and measures 1 @.@ 2 metres ( 3 @.@ 9 ft ) wide by 1 @.@ 56 metres ( 5 @.@ 1 ft ) deep . Like the examples from the Olmec heartland , the monument features a flat back . Lee Parsons contests John Graham 's identification of Monument 23 as a re @-@ carved colossal head ; he views the side ornaments , identified by Graham as ears , as rather the scrolled eyes of an open @-@ jawed monster gazing upwards . Countering this , James Porter has claimed that the re @-@ carving of the face of a colossal head into a niche figure is clearly evident .
 Hitler justifies the Final Solution by maintaining that the Jews ' God , purer than any other , enslaves its subjects , continually demanding more than they can give and " blackmailing " them with ideals that cannot be attained . The " virus of utopia " had to be stopped .
 = = = Steam propulsion = = =
 The Derry Provisionals had little contact with the IRA elsewhere . They had few weapons ( about twenty ) which they used mainly for sniping . At the same time , they launched their bombing campaign in Derry . Unlike in Belfast , they were careful to avoid killing or injuring innocent people . Eamonn McCann wrote that " the Derry Provos , under Martin McGuinness , had managed to bomb the city centre until it looked as if it had been hit from the air without causing any civilian casualties . "
 = = Personal life = =
 The Survivor Series event marked the first time Lesnar met Goldberg from the Raw brand . After Lesnar claimed in a backstage interview that he could beat anybody in the world , Goldberg interrupted the interview and introduced himself to Lesnar , shaking hands with him before leaving with a staredown . Lesnar followed this rivalry with a feud involving Hardcore Holly . In the storyline , Holly wanted revenge on Lesnar for legitimately injuring his neck during a previous match between the two in 2002 which left Holly in need of neck surgery and out of action for a year . At the Royal Rumble in 2004 , Lesnar defeated Holly to retain the WWE Championship . Later in the Royal Rumble match , Lesnar attacked Goldberg and delivered an F @-@ 5 , enabling Kurt Angle to eliminate him .
 " Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released as the third single . Arjona wrote the song for his mother , Noemí Morales . The music video for the song , released in April 2012 , was filmed at Universal Studios in Los Angeles . It features Arjona and his son , Ricardo Arjona Jr . , and was directed by Robert García . The song was used by American telecommunications corporation AT & T for a Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone commercial featuring Arjona and was released in music stores in May 2012 . The fourth single from the album , " Te Quiero " , was released in July 2012 . The music video for the song was filmed during Arjona 's concerts at Vélez Stadium in Buenos Aires , Argentina during his Metamorfosis World Tour . It marks Arjona 's first music video taken from a live performance . The song reached number ten in Mexico and number one on both the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs chart . " Si Tu No Existieras " was released in November 2012 as the set 's fifth and final single , and was intended to promote the re @-@ release of the album . The song , which music video was similar to that of " Te Quiero " , managed to peak at number 14 in Mexico .
 In a retrospective review , Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the level design , graphics , and animations . They also found the music excellent in comparison to the annoying and repetitive soundtrack of most Breakout clones . The magazine also liked how the game fit the Kirby universe , apart from its increased difficulty — Jeuxvideo.com occasionally had trouble hitting the slow @-@ paced ball with precision .
 New York . A replica of San Lorenzo Head 1 was placed next to the main plaza in the grounds of Lehman College in the Bronx , New York . It was installed in 2013 to celebrate the first anniversary of the CUNY Institute of Mexican Studies , housed at the college . The replica was a gift by the government of Verazruz state , Cumbre Tajín and Mexico Trade ; it was first plazed in Dag Hammerskjold Park , outside the United Nations , in 2012 .
 Amos was born in Macclesfield , Cheshire and was a member of the Crewe Alexandra academy until he was released at the age of 10 . While at Crewe , he also played for another local team , Bollington United , as a centre midfielder . One year later , Amos was playing for his local team against the team at the top of the table , and they needed to win the match to win the league . Amos ' team 's goalkeeper was injured during the game , and as the tallest on the team , Amos was put in goal ; however , he had also been the team 's regular penalty taker all season , so when they were awarded a penalty , he went all the way up the pitch to take the kick . He scored , and his team went on to win the game 3 – 2 , together with the league title . After the game , his parents told him that a Manchester United scout had been watching him and that he had been invited for trials . Amos joined Manchester United at the age of 11 .
 Despite the problems , the " tin tadpoles " , as the Germans referred to them , were in active service from March 1915 through the end of the war , with half of the 20 boats lost during the war . Boats of the class served in three navies : the German Imperial Navy , the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy , and the Bulgarian Navy . In German service , they served primarily in the Flanders Flotilla , the Baltic Flotilla , and the Constantinople Flotilla .
 = = Description = =
 Attalea species are monoecious — male and female flowers are separate , but are borne by the same plant . Various species have been described as being insect @-@ pollinated , including A. phalerata , while pollination in A. colenda and A. speciosa , has been attributed both to insects and wind .
 = = = Propulsion = = =
 Speculation about a return to MMA lasted until March 24 , 2015 , when Lesnar announced in an interview on SportsCenter that he had re @-@ signed with WWE and officially closed the door on a return to MMA , even though he was offered a deal " ten times more " than what he had made previously in his MMA career . He further elaborated that , while he was training for months for a return to the UFC , he felt " physically great but something was lacking mentally " . Lesnar added that " [ he 's ] an older caveman now , so [ he ] makes smarter caveman decisions " and that he chose to sign with WWE instead of returning to MMA because he could " work part @-@ time with full @-@ time pay " .
 Water services used to be provided by the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System , which served 30 % of the city with most other sewage being directly dumped into storm drains , septic tanks , or open canals . MWSS was privatized in 1997 which split the water concession into the east and west zones . The Maynilad Water Services took over the west zone of which Manila is a part . It now provides the supply and delivery of potable water and sewerage system in Manila , but it does not provide service to the southeastern part of the city which belongs to the east zone that is served by Manila Water . Electric services are provided by Meralco , the sole electric power distributor in Metro Manila .
 Before Krosa struck the Philippines , PAGASA issued a number 3 warning signal for portions of northern Luzon , where winds were expected to reach over 100 km / h ( 60 mph ) . The agency noted for the potential for flooding and landslides . High winds knocked down trees across Luzon , and left about 80 % of Cagayan province without power , as well as some areas without internet or cellphone service . Portions of the Pan @-@ Philippine Highway were blocked , and in Lal @-@ Lo , Cagayan , a car crashed into a gasoline truck due to power outages . Agriculture damage was estimated at P273 million ( PHP , $ 6 @.@ 3 million USD ) , occurring just before the start of the harvest . Across the island , the typhoon damaged 32 @,@ 745 houses , including 3 @,@ 837 that were destroyed , forcing 65 @,@ 648 people to evacuate to storm shelters . Overall , Krosa killed four people in the Philippines , and left P273 million ( PHP , $ 6 @.@ 4 million USD ) in damage . After the storm , workers quickly restored power lines , while the government provided monetary assistance to storm @-@ ravaged families , after Cagayan was declared a state of calamity . Members of the Philippine military and Department of Public Works and Highways worked to clean up following the storm .
 On 9 November Gazan 's division reached Marbach an der Donau and covered the 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) to Dürenstein by early on the following afternoon . Here it skirmished with some Russian patrols to the east of the town and expelled them . Feeling confident , the French established a forward post just upstream from Stein . In Dürenstein itself Mortier set up his command post and directed the establishment of a small field hospital . Although the position seemed secure , he had ignored Napoleon 's strict instructions and neglected to protect his left ( north ) flank .
 The three recent treatments ( Henderson and coauthors , Glassman , and Govaerts and Dransfield ) recognised a total of 73 species , but only 20 species are accepted by all of them . The remainder account for either nine species or more than 40 . For example , what Andrew Henderson considered a single species , Attalea attaleoides , other authors have considered a species complex consisting of four or five species . Glassman doubted the validity of A. attaleoides as a species , and described four new species from material that had previously been attributed to A. attaleoides — A. camopiensis , A. degranvillei , A. guianensis and A. maripensis . Govaerts and Dransfield accepted both Glassman 's four species and A. attaleoides . However , Jean @-@ Christophe Pintaud was of the opinion that A. guianensis , A. maripensis and A. attaleoides were all very similar , and thought it likely that they all represented the same species .
 Josepha Petrick Kemarre ( born ca . 1945 or ca . 1953 , date uncertain ) is an Anmatyerre @-@ speaking Indigenous Australian from Central Australia . Since first taking up painting around 1990 , her works of contemporary Indigenous Australian art have been acquired by several major collections including Artbank and the National Gallery of Victoria . Her paintings portray bush plum " dreaming " and women ’ s ceremonies ( known as Awelye ) . One of her paintings sold at a charity auction for A $ 22 @,@ 800 . Josepha Petrick 's works are strongly coloured and formalist in composition and regularly appear at commercial art auctions in Australia . Her art appears to have survived the huge contraction of the primary art market in Australia since 2008 . There is no existing Catalogue raisonné of Josepha Petrick 's artworks , to date , no fakes have been cited .
 = = List of Type UB I submarines = =
 In 1990 , following the electoral defeat of the government of the Socialist Republic of Croatia , ethnic tensions between Croats and Croatian Serbs worsened . The Yugoslav People 's Army ( Jugoslavenska narodna armija – JNA ) believed Croatia would use the Croatian Territorial Defence Force 's ( Teritorijalna obrana – TO ) equipment to build its own army and confront the JNA itself . In order to minimize the expected resistance , the JNA confiscated the TO weapons . On 17 August , the tensions escalated into an open revolt of the Croatian Serbs .
 The season ran year @-@ round , with the first storm , Yanyan , developing west of the Marshall Islands on January 15 . In April , Typhoon Kujira became one of the longest @-@ lasting Pacific typhoons in history and attained climatological records for its unusually early impacts . Typhoon Imbudo in July caused several deaths and extensive damage across the Philippines and China . In September , Typhoon Maemi became one of the costliest typhoons in recorded history after striking South Korea ; Maemi was also the most intense tropical cyclone of the season with a minimum barometric pressure of 910 mbar ( hPa ; 26 @.@ 87 inHg ) . In late November , Typhoon Lupit devastated areas of Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia . The season closed with the dissipation of a tropical depression east of the Philippines on December 27 .
 During his first run in WWE , Lesnar developed addictions to both alcohol and painkillers , allegedly drinking a bottle of vodka per day and taking hundreds of Vicodin pills per month to manage the pain caused by wear and tear on his body ; he named his accident at WrestleMania XIX as a particular source of pain . Lesnar claims that , as a result of his addiction and mental exhaustion , he does not remember " an entire two years " of his WWE career .
 Temple Beth Israel ( Hebrew : בית ישראל ) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 1175 East 29th Avenue in Eugene , Oregon . Founded in the early 1930s as a Conservative congregation , Beth Israel was for many decades the only synagogue in Eugene .
 DreamWorks contracted Amazon.com to create the official website , marking the first time that Amazon had created a special section devoted to a feature film . The website included an overview , a photo gallery , cast and crew filmographies , and exclusive interviews with Spacey and Bening . The film 's tagline — " look closer " — originally came from a cutting pasted on Lester 's workplace cubicle by the set dresser . DreamWorks ran parallel marketing campaigns and trailers — one aimed at adults , the other at teenagers . Both trailers ended with the poster image of a girl holding a rose . Reviewing the posters of several 1999 films , David Hochman of Entertainment Weekly rated American Beauty 's highly , saying it evoked the tagline ; he said , " You return to the poster again and again , thinking , this time you 're gonna find something . " DreamWorks did not want to test screen the film ; according to Mendes , the studio was pleased with it , but he insisted on one where he could question the audience afterward . The studio reluctantly agreed and showed the film to a young audience in San Jose , California . Mendes claimed the screening went very well .
 = = = = Cross of Sacrifice and Stone of Remembrance = = = =
 In addition to its commanding position , Gibraltar provided a strongly defended harbour from which ships could operate in both the Atlantic and the Mediterranean . Force H , under the command of Vice @-@ Admiral James Somerville was based in Gibraltar and had the task of maintaining naval superiority and providing a strong escort for convoys to and from the besieged island of Malta . During the course of the war , Gibraltar came under aerial bombardment from Vichy French aircraft and from aircraft of the Italian Royal Air Force ( Regia Aeronautica ) based on Sardinia . Additionally , the fortress was the focus of underwater attacks by the Italian Royal Navy ( Regia Marina ) commando frogman unit ( Decima Flottiglia MAS ) and their human torpedoes . This Italian unit was based on the interned Italian ship SS Olterra in the nearby Spanish harbour of Algeciras . A number of attacks were also carried out by Spanish and Gibraltarian agents acting on behalf of the German Abwehr .
 Because he reigned only briefly , Nerva 's public works were few , instead completing projects which had been initiated under Flavian rule . This included extensive repairs to the Roman road system and the expansion of the aqueducts . The latter program was headed by the former consul Sextus Julius Frontinus , who helped to put an end to abuses and later published a significant work on Rome 's water supply , De Aquis Urbis Romae . The only major landmarks constructed under Nerva were a granary , known as the Horrea Nervae , and a small Imperial Forum begun by Domitian , which linked the Forum of Augustus to the Temple of Peace . Little remains , partly because the Via dei Fori Imperiali cuts across it .
 = = = Ram craze = = =
 = = = = 2012 season : Cy Young runner @-@ up = = = =
 Manila is the most densely populated city in the world with 43 @,@ 079 inhabitants per km2 . District 6 is listed as being the most dense with 68 @,@ 266 inhabitants per km2 , followed by District 1 with 64 @,@ 936 and District 2 with 64 @,@ 710 , respectively . District 5 is the least densely populated area with 19 @,@ 235 .
 = = Early ironclad ships and battles = =
 Elements L and C can be made arbitrarily small while retaining the same value of k . Z and Y however , are both approaching zero , and from the formulae ( below ) for image impedances ,
 = = = N @-@ H , N @-@ Alkyl , N @-@ Aryloxaziridines = = =
 The issue of gangsters in Bintulu was first raised in 2007 by the member of parliament ( MP ) for Bintulu . The gangsters may have run businesses related to illegal logging , controlling the prices of diesel , eggs , fertiliser and gas cylinders . Bintulu police have been cracking down on gangster activities in the town . Unscrupulous businessmen who seek cheap labour have caused a rise in the number of illegal immigrants in Bintulu . The number may have reached 50 @,@ 000 in 2009 . Bintulu immigration department has performed several operations to deport illegal immigrants back to their home country .
 The growth of Bintulu 's population is shown below :
 All of the 17 confirmed colossal heads remain in Mexico . Two heads from San Lorenzo are on permanent display at the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City . Seven of the San Lorenzo heads are on display in the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa . Five of them are in Sala 1 , one is in Sala 2 and one is in Patio 1 . The remaining San Lorenzo head is in the Museo Comunitario de San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán near Texistepec . All four heads from La Venta are now in Villahermosa , the state capital of Tabasco . Three are in the Parque @-@ Museo La Venta and one in the Museo del Estado de Tabasco . Two heads are on display in the plaza of Santiago Tuxtla ; one from Tres Zapotes and the La Cobata Head . The other Tres Zapotes head is in the Museo Comunitario de Tres Zapotes .
 Temnospondyls have been known since the early 19th century , and were initially thought to be reptiles . They were described at various times as batrachians , stegocephalians , and labyrinthodonts , although these names are now rarely used . Animals now grouped in Temnospondyli were spread out among several amphibian groups until the early 20th century , when they were found to belong to a distinct taxon based on the structure of their vertebrae . Temnospondyli means " cut vertebrae " , as each vertebra is divided into several parts .
 Shackleton is an impact crater that lies at the south pole of the Moon . The peaks along the crater 's rim are exposed to almost continual sunlight , while the interior is perpetually in shadow ( a Crater of eternal darkness ) . The low @-@ temperature interior of this crater functions as a cold trap that may capture and freeze volatiles shed during comet impacts on the Moon . Measurements by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft showed higher than normal amounts of hydrogen within the crater , which may indicate the presence of water ice . The crater is named after Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton .
 Kershaw picked up his 200th strikeout of the season on August 12 , tying Hideo Nomo 's 1995 season for the fastest to that mark in Dodgers history at 156 innings . This was the sixth straight 200 strikeout season for Kershaw , tying Sandy Koufax for the most in Dodgers franchise history . On October 4 , Kershaw became the 11th player in Major League history to strike out 300 batters in a season , the first player since Randy Johnson did it in 2002 . He finished the season with a 16 – 7 record , a 2 @.@ 13 ERA , and 301 strikeouts in 232 2 ⁄ 3 innings .
 On the iTunes deluxe version , the pop version of " Zzyzx Rd . " replaced the original version as the 12th track .
 It is also notable that oxaziridines will thermally rearrange to nitrones . Cis @-@ trans selectivity of the resulting nitrone is poor , however , yields are good to excellent . It is thought that some oxaziridines racemize over time through a nitrone intermediate .
 After the London Paralympics , Dodd took up wheelchair basketball . She started playing for the Sydney University Flames in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2013 , made her debut with the national team at the Osaka Friendship Games in Osaka in February 2015 , winning bronze , and was part of the Under 25 team at the 2015 Women 's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing in July 2015 , winning silver .
 Family Zatrachydidae
 The suicide of Nero on 9 June 68 brought the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty to an end , leading to the chaotic Year of the Four Emperors , which saw the successive rise and fall of the emperors Galba , Otho and Vitellius , until the accession of Vespasian on 21 December 69 . Virtually nothing is known of Nerva 's whereabouts during 69 , but despite the fact that Otho was his brother @-@ in @-@ law , he appears to have been one of the earliest and strongest supporters of the Flavians .
 = = = US 23rd Infantry attacked = = =
 Ownership and maintenance of Robinson Road from the bypass to NY 78 was transferred from Niagara County to the state of New York on September 1 , 1990 , as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government . The portion of NY 93 between NY 78 and Akron Road became state @-@ maintained on October 1 , 1998 , as part of another swap that also transferred ownership and maintenance of Akron Road to Niagara County . Akron Road is now CR 142 .
 the entire embassy compound
 In 2008 , Temple Beth Israel participated in Banners Across America , an " interfaith witness against torture coordinated by the National Religious Campaign Against Torture , " as part of the Jewish Campaign Against Torture . Organized by Rabbis for Human Rights — North America in honor of Torture Awareness Month , the Jewish campaign included over 25 synagogues which hung banners protesting " the use of abusive interrogation techniques by the American military and intelligence community " . That year , congregational membership reached almost 400 families , and the Talmud Torah and pre @-@ school had about 200 and 40 students respectively .
 No threats came upon the embassy during the day , although truckloads of armed Somalis frequently drove by the embassy along Afghoy Road . Only one incident seemed to directly target the embassy . A sniper and a spotter were positioned on the embassy 's water tower ( the highest structure in the compound ) and came under fire ; they were ordered to not return fire and soon thereafter ordered to leave their position on the water tower .
 Carl Falk — writing , production , programming , instruments , guitar , background vocals
 In March 68 , Gaius Julius Vindex , the governor of Gallia Lugdunensis , rebelled against Nero 's tax policies . Lucius Verginius Rufus , the governor of Germania Superior , was ordered to put down Vindex 's rebellion . In an attempt to gain support from outside his own province , Vindex called upon Servius Sulpicius Galba , the governor of Hispania Tarraconensis , to join the rebellion and further , to declare himself emperor in opposition to Nero .
 Gibraltar was a very tempting target for the Italians , who saw it as a refuge for British warships and allied merchant shipping . The Italian frogmen originally used a Spanish villa ( Villa Carmela ) located two miles ( 3 km ) from Gibraltar owned by an Italian officer who had married a Spanish woman named Conchita Ramognino . Their base was shifted later to the Italian tanker SS Olterra , interned in Algeciras .
 After the loss of the fast battleship Hiei at the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal in late 1942 to rudder damage , the IJN decided to reinforce the protection of the steering compartment and to create an auxiliary steering compartment . The protection of the former was strengthened by the addition of a concrete wall at least 1 metre ( 3 ft 3 in ) in thickness and some of the armour removed from the turrets was used to protect the latter . The double bottom below the former positions of aft turrets was converted to hold fuel oil ; this increased the ships ' endurance to 9 @,@ 500 nautical miles ( 17 @,@ 600 km ; 10 @,@ 900 mi ) at a speed of 16 knots . A pair of Type 22 surface @-@ search radars were also fitted during the conversion .
 For their season , the Bulldogs were ranked 8th in the final pre @-@ NCAA tournament Coaches ' Poll and 11th in the corresponding AP Poll . On Selection Sunday , the Bulldogs were seeded fifth in the West regional of the NCAA tournament and given a first @-@ round match up with twelfth seeded UTEP on March 18 .
 Paul Newman reprised his role as Fast Eddie Felson in the 1986 film The Color of Money , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role . A number of observers and critics have suggested that this Oscar was in belated recognition for his performance in The Hustler . In 1997 , the Library of Congress selected The Hustler for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . " Carroll and Rossen 's screenplay was selected by the Writers Guild of America in 2006 as the 96th best motion picture screenplay of all time . In June 2008 , AFI released its " Ten top Ten " — the best ten films in ten " classic " American film genres — after polling over 1 @,@ 500 people from the creative community . The Hustler was acknowledged as the sixth best film in the sports genre .
 What became NY 31B was originally designated as NY 293 as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . NY 293 was renumbered to NY 31B c . 1933 , allowing the NY 293 designation to be transferred to another highway in Orange County . NY 31B remained unchanged until January 2 , 1980 , when the NY 31B designation was removed .
 = = Professional background = =
 On 30 December , violence escalated " an order of magnitude " as militants entered Mogadishu , which was quickly enveloped by a general state of lawlessness . On 30 – 31 December , diplomats , including many stationed in offices elsewhere in the city , were collected and housed in the embassy compound , except two volunteers who remained in the embassy 's K @-@ 7 residential apartments located across Afgoy Road from the embassy . The volunteers in the K @-@ 7 building would be needed as look @-@ outs for the embassy compound 's main gate . On the morning of 31 December , the defense attaché was nearly killed when his vehicle was sprayed with bullets and that evening , a soldier at a roadblock shot the tires of a vehicle carrying another defense official . Attempts by the US and other nations ' diplomats , in particular the Italian embassy , to negotiate a ceasefire for foreigners to leave were unsuccessful . Afgoy Road became a " shooting gallery , " preventing those in safe @-@ havens outside the embassy from reaching it . On New Year 's Day , the first American civilians began to seek refuge at the embassy .
 By re @-@ signing with Butler , Stevens temporarily ended speculation that he would leave the university for a higher paying job . Oregon , Clemson , and Wake Forest were all said to be interested in offering Stevens multi @-@ million dollar contracts to leave Butler . " First and foremost , I ’ m loyal to Butler , " Stevens said . When asked if he would ever leave Butler , Stevens replied " I guess if they kicked me out . "
 The second determining event , the decisive French victory at the Battle of Austerlitz over the combined Russian and Austrian armies , forced the Austrian withdrawal from the Coalition . The subsequent Peace of Pressburg , signed on 26 December 1805 , reinforced the earlier treaties of Campo Formio and Lunéville . Furthermore , Austria ceded land to Napoleon 's German allies , and paid an indemnity of 40 million francs . Victory at Austerlitz also gave Napoleon the latitude to create a buffer zone of German states between France and the states of Prussia , Russia , and Austria . These measures did not establish a lasting peace on the continent . Prussian worries about growing French influence in Central Europe sparked the War of the Fourth Coalition in 1806 , in which Austria did not participate .
 Acting on a tip from Strax , the Doctor visits the Great Intelligence Institute posing as Sherlock Holmes . He confronts Dr. Simeon and find a large glass globe in Simeon 's office that contains psychic snow . The Doctor speaks to the Great Intelligence , the entity that has been speaking to Dr. Simeon since he was a boy . He learns that the Great Intelligence has been controlling the snowmen and has taken interest in Latimer 's pond . The Doctor visits the pond and deduces that the Great Intelligence is using the old governess ' body as a DNA blueprint to form an ice creature that will retain its form and not melt . While Clara is putting the children to bed , the frozen body of the governess breaks into the house . The Doctor fights her off and is joined by Vastra , Jenny and Strax . Dr. Simeon arrives with more snowmen and tells them he wants the governess ' ice body . The Doctor flees with Clara to the roof of the mansion and then to the TARDIS hovering overhead . They are pursued by the ice governess , whom the Doctor traps under a layer of frozen ice crystals . Inside the TARDIS the Doctor gives Clara a TARDIS key , but the ice governess arrives and pulls Clara down off the cloud .
 NASA has named the rim of Shackleton as a potential candidate for its lunar outpost , slated to be up and running by 2020 and continuously staffed by a crew by 2024 . The location would promote self @-@ sustainability for lunar residents , as perpetual sunlight on the south pole would provide energy for solar panels . Furthermore , the shadowed polar regions are believed to contain the frozen water necessary for human consumption and could also be harvested for fuel manufacture .
 Broadside armament also had disadvantages , which became more serious as ironclad technology developed . Heavier guns to penetrate ever @-@ thicker armor meant that fewer guns could be carried . Furthermore , the adoption of ramming as an important tactic meant the need for ahead and all @-@ round fire . These problems led to broadside designs being superseded by designs that gave greater all @-@ round fire , which included central @-@ battery , turret , and barbette designs .
 After the afternoon 's initial skirmishing with the French , Kutuzov held a council of war on the evening of 10 November at Melk , at the great abbey there . He knew several things . First , he knew the positions of the French from prisoners his Cossacks had captured . He also knew that Gazan had crossed at Linz and was well ahead of any French reinforcements : Dupont had crossed at Passau and , by 10 November , stood at Marbach , 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) upstream , and Dumonceau was another 7 kilometers ( 4 mi ) further behind him . Kutuzov knew the size of the French force--its division strength--and its positions , and he knew that most of the dragoons were not covering the French flank but had turned north . He also knew , or had made a good supposition , about Napoleon 's orders , so he knew what to offer Mortier and Gazan as bait .
 While scientific experiments performed by Clementine and Lunar Prospector could indicate the presence of water in the polar craters , the current evidence is far from definitive . There are doubts among scientists as to whether or not the hydrogen is in the form of ice , as well as to the concentration of this " ore " with depth below the surface . Resolution of this issue will require future missions to the Moon . The presence of water suggests that the crater floor could potentially be " mined " for deposits of hydrogen in water form , a commodity that is expensive to deliver directly from the Earth .
 A project is underway to photograph the graves of and memorials to all service personnel from 1914 to the present day and make the images available to the public . The work is being carried out by The War Graves Photographic Project in conjunction with the CWGC . As of August 2013 , the project has recorded 1 @.@ 7 million photographs for posterity .
 According to Cassius Dio , the conspirators approached Nerva as a potential successor prior to the assassination , which indicates that he was at least aware of the plot . Suetonius by contrast does not mention Nerva , but he may have omitted his role out of tactfulness . Considering the works of Suetonius were published under Nerva 's direct descendants Trajan and Hadrian , it would have been less than sensitive of him to suggest the dynasty owed its accession to murder . On the other hand , Nerva lacked widespread support in the Empire , and as a known Flavian loyalist his track record would not have recommended him to the conspirators . The precise facts have been obscured by history , but modern historians believe Nerva was proclaimed Emperor solely on the initiative of the Senate , within hours after the news of the assassination broke .
 Typically , cemeteries of more than 40 graves contain a Cross of Sacrifice designed by architect Reginald Blomfield . This cross was designed to imitate medieval crosses found in churchyards in England with proportions more commonly seen in the Celtic cross . The cross is normally a freestanding four @-@ point limestone Latin cross , mounted on an octagonal base , and ranging in height from 14 to 32 feet . A bronze longsword , blade down , is embedded on the face of the cross . This cross represents the faith of the majority of the dead and the sword represents the military character of the cemetery , intended to link British soldiers and the Christian concept of self @-@ sacrifice .
 In July 1989 , the embassy moved to a new , 80 @-@ acre ( 32 ha ) compound , 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) from the previous embassy and James K. Bishop was appointed as the United States ' ambassador to Somalia . Ambassador Bishop had significant experience in crisis management at US embassies . In 1967 , he was at the US Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon when the Six @-@ Day War erupted . About 3 @,@ 600 Americans were evacuated in 33 hours ; Bishop was one of 26 diplomats and soldiers that remained in the city . As deputy assistant secretary of state for Africa from 1981 – 87 , Bishop chaired several task forces for crises and gained experience in the State Department 's operations center as evacuations were carried out during several coups d 'etat . During his previous assignment as Ambassador to Liberia ( 1987 – 90 ) , Bishop was overseeing the voluntary evacuation of embassy staff and civilians as a civil war in Liberia spread , when he left in March 1990 . Soon after returning to Washington to prepare for his new appointment to Somalia , he was appointed to a taskforce to deal with the crisis in Liberia , which included a gradual evacuation of American civilians and a rapid closure of the embassy in August .
 Bishop Eusebius of Caesarea ( c . 275 – 339 ) was the first to write explicitly that Paul was beheaded in Rome during the reign of Nero . He states that Nero 's persecution led to Peter and Paul 's deaths , but that Nero did not give any specific orders . However , several other accounts going back to the 1st century have Paul surviving his two years in Rome and travelling to Hispania , before facing trial in Rome again prior to his death .
 The naming of these first specimens was disputed , however . Leopold Fitzinger named the animal Batrachosaurus in 1837 . In 1841 , English palaeontologist Richard Owen referred to the genus as Labyrinthodon to describe its highly folded or labyrinthine teeth . Owen thought the name Mastodonsaurus " ought not to be retained , because it recalls unavoidably the idea of the mammalian genus Mastodon , or else a mammilloid form of the tooth ... and because the second element of the word , saurus , indicates a false affinity , the remains belonging , not to the Saurian , but to the Batrachian order of Reptiles . " Owen recognized the animal was not a " saurian " reptile , yet he also referred Jaeger 's Phytosaurus to the genus . Although the two genera both have similarly sized conical teeth , Phytosaurus was later found to be a crocodile @-@ like reptile . Additional material , including skulls , firmly placed Labyrinthodon as an amphibian . Jaeger also named Salamandroides giganteus in 1828 , basing it on partial occiput , or back portion of the skull . In 1833 , he described a complete skull of S. giganteus that had the same teeth as his Mastodonsaurus , making it the first known complete skull of a temnospondyl . Because Mastodonsaurus was named first , it has precedence over the other names as a senior subjective synonym . Batrachosaurus is still used as the name of an unrelated brachyopid temnospondyl .
 Nero enjoyed driving a one @-@ horse chariot , singing to the lyre and poetry . He even composed songs that were performed by other entertainers throughout the empire . At first , Nero only performed for a private audience .
 = = = US 2nd Division split = = =
 The soundtrack features songs by Newman , Bobby Darin , The Who , Free , Eels , The Guess Who , Bill Withers , Betty Carter , Peggy Lee , The Folk Implosion , Gomez , and Bob Dylan , as well as two cover versions — The Beatles ' " Because " performed by Elliott Smith , and Neil Young 's " Don 't Let It Bring You Down " performed by Annie Lennox . Produced by the film 's music supervisor Chris Douridas , an abridged soundtrack album was released on October 5 , 1999 , and went on to be nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album . An album featuring 19 tracks from Newman 's score was released on January 11 , 2000 , and won the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album . Filmmaker considered the score to be one of Newman 's best , saying it " [ enabled ] the film 's transcendentalist aspirations " . In 2006 , the magazine chose the score as one of 20 essential soundtracks it believed spoke to the " complex and innovative relationships between music and screen storytelling " .
 = = = Rosters = = =
 = = = Oil and gas = = =
 The transition occurs at a cut @-@ off frequency given by
 He realized that his position was no longer tenable without the support of an heir who had the approval of both the army and the people . Shortly thereafter , he announced the adoption of Trajan as his successor , and with this decision all but abdicated . Trajan was formally bestowed with the title of Caesar and shared the consulship with Nerva in 98 :
 = = = Semi @-@ final series = = =
 An accompanying music video , designed to display the group 's comedic timing , was directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously worked with the group on two other music videos . The clip depicts the band shooting various scenes via a green screen , which include sequences reminiscent of iconic music videos of songs such as the Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Jailhouse Rock " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " . The music video received 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period and positive commentary from reviewers , who appreciated its carefree , jubilant nature .
 Production of the tank was delayed by a number of factors . The War Office put their order on hold in a post @-@ Battle of France decision to focus military production on infantry and cruiser tanks , due to the poor performance of British light tanks during that battle . Due to the shortage of more suitable tanks , light tanks that were not designed for use against German armour , were nevertheless deployed against them ; the resulting high casualties led the War Office to re @-@ evaluate the suitability of the light tank design . The pre @-@ war role of the light tank , that of reconnaissance , meanwhile had been found to be better suited to scout cars that used smaller crews and had better cross @-@ country abilities . Further delays were caused by the bombing raids of the Luftwaffe during May 1941 against the factories where the tanks were assembled .
 In the decades since its release , The Hustler has cemented its reputation as a classic . Roger Ebert , echoing earlier praise for the performances , direction , and cinematography and adding laurels for editor Dede Allen , cites the film as " one of those films where scenes have such psychic weight that they grow in our memories . " He further cites Fast Eddie Felson as one of " only a handful of movie characters so real that the audience refers to them as touchstones . " TV Guide calls the film a " dark stunner " offering " a grim world whose only bright spot is the top of the pool table , yet [ with ] characters [ who ] maintain a shabby nobility and grace . " The four leads are again lavishly praised for their performances and the film is summed up as " not to be missed . "
 The Ise @-@ class battleships ( 伊勢型戦艦 , Ise @-@ gata senkan ) were a pair of dreadnought battleships built for the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during World War I. Originally intended to be repeats of the preceding Fusō class , they were redesigned before construction began . Both ships carried supplies for the survivors of the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923 . They were modernized in 1934 – 37 with improvements to their armour and machinery and a rebuilt superstructure in the pagoda mast style . Afterwards they played a minor role in the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War .
 Family Lydekkerinidae
 Chad sent a delegation of two athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China : Moumi Sébergué , who competed in the men 's 100 meters , and Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert , who competed in the women 's 100 meters and also bore the Chadian flag during ceremonies . The appearance of this delegation marked the tenth appearance of Chad at the Summer Olympics , the first been in 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and its seventh appearance since its Olympic hiatus between 1976 and 1980 . Both Sébergué and Ndikert ranked seventh in their respective heats and did not advance past the qualification round . As of the end of the 2012 London Olympics , there have been no medalists from Chad .
 Manila is a well @-@ known shopping hub of the country and it has been named as one of the best shopping destinations in Asia . Major shopping malls , markets and bazaars thrives in Manila .
 = = = Courts of law and legal enforcement = = =
 After 30 years with WBEN and a change in ownership for the station , his show was replaced with the Mutual Network 's The Larry King Show . In the 1980s , Rifenburg taught communications at Buffalo 's Medaille College and served as a disc jockey on Public Broadcasting 's radio station WEBR ( now WDCZ ) . He also sold ads for Buffalo Evening News competitor , Buffalo Courier @-@ Express . Rifenburg 's final employer was Erie County , who hired him as an inmate training supervisor at the Erie County Correctional Facility .
 Constant k filters , also k @-@ type filters , are a type of electronic filter designed using the image method . They are the original and simplest filters produced by this methodology and consist of a ladder network of identical sections of passive components . Historically , they are the first filters that could approach the ideal filter frequency response to within any prescribed limit with the addition of a sufficient number of sections . However , they are rarely considered for a modern design , the principles behind them having been superseded by other methodologies which are more accurate in their prediction of filter response .
 From the start of the Second World War in 1939 , the Commission organised grave registration units and , planning ahead based on the experience gained from the First World War , earmarked land for use as cemeteries . When the war began turning in favour of the Allies , the Commission was able to begin restoring its First World War cemeteries and memorials . It also began the task of commemorating the 600 @,@ 000 Commonwealth casualties from the Second World War . In 1949 , the Commission completed Dieppe Canadian War Cemetery , the first of 559 new cemeteries and 36 new memorials . Eventually , over 350 @,@ 000 new headstones were erected . Many were made from Hopton Wood stone . The wider scale of World War II , coupled with manpower shortages and unrest in some countries , meant that the construction and restoration programmes took much longer . Following the war , the Commission implemented a five @-@ year horticultural renovation programme . The horticultural neglect was largely addressed by 1950 but there were necessary structural repairs to be made . These , together with the backlog of maintenance tasks from before the war , took a further 10 years to complete and the programme was not completed until the 1960s .
 = = = Awards = = =
 In 1931 – 33 the AA guns were replaced with eight 40 @-@ caliber 12 @.@ 7 cm ( 5 @.@ 0 in ) Type 89 dual @-@ purpose guns , fitted on both sides of the forward superstructures in four twin @-@ gun mounts . When firing at surface targets , the guns had a range of 14 @,@ 700 metres ( 16 @,@ 100 yd ) ; they had a ceiling of 9 @,@ 440 metres ( 30 @,@ 970 ft ) at their maximum elevation of + 90 degrees . Their maximum rate of fire was 14 rounds a minute , but their sustained rate of fire was around eight rounds per minute . Two twin @-@ gun mounts for license @-@ built Vickers two @-@ pounder light AA guns were also added . These guns had a maximum elevation of + 80 degrees and a rate of fire of 200 rounds per minute . The pair of 14 cm guns on the upper deck were removed at this time .
 = = = = Martyrdoms of Peter and Paul = = = =
 = = Demographics = =
 = = Benefits and disadvantages = =
 Rainfall in Taiwan reached 69 mm ( 2 @.@ 7 in ) in Ilan County . On the island , the storm left several hundred houses without power due to a lightning strike . On mainland China , rainfall peaked at 101 mm ( 4 @.@ 0 in ) in Wenzhou , Zhejiang , which were largely beneficial in easing drought conditions , while winds gusted to 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) . The storm damaged or destroyed 5 @,@ 880 houses and flooded 1 @,@ 287 ha ( 3 @,@ 180 acres ) of paddy fields , causing ¥ 38 @.@ 6 million ( CNY , $ 4 @.@ 7 million USD ) in damage .
 = = = Carboniferous and Early Permian = = =
 AFI 's 10 Top 10 - # 6 Sports Film
 Infraorder Trematosauria
 Wrestler of the Year ( 2002 , 2014 )
 = = Burial sites and memorials = =
 Amination of nucleophiles with N @-@ unsubstituted oxaziridines is quite versatile in the breadth of possible nucleophiles and corresponding products . Hydrazines may be derived from the amination of secondary or tertiary amines , hydroxylamine and thiohydroxamines may be formed from their corresponding alcohols and thiols , sulfimides may be formed from thioethers and α @-@ aminoketones may be formed by attack of corresponding enolates .
 = = Championships , awards , and honors = =
 " Enter Sandman " by Metallica
 Jackson Benge ( Jaxon ) — guitar ( 2004 – 2015 )
 = = = Initial development = = =
 The original location of the La Cobata head was not a major archaeological site and it is likely that the head was either abandoned at its source or during transport to its intended destination . Various features of the head suggest that it was unfinished , such as a lack of symmetry below the mouth and an area of rough stone above the base . Rock was not removed from around the earspools as on other heads , and does not narrow towards the base . Large parts of the monument seem to be roughed out without finished detail . The right hand earspool also appears incomplete ; the forward portion is marked with a sculpted line while the rear portion has been sculpted in relief , probably indicating that the right cheek and eye area were also unfinished . The La Cobata head was almost certainly carved from a raw boulder rather than being sculpted from a throne .
 According to the 2015 census , the population of the city was 1 @,@ 780 @,@ 148 , making it the second most populous city in the Philippines .
 Nero 's consolidation of power also included a slow usurping of authority from the Senate . In 54 , Nero promised to give the Senate powers equivalent to those under Republican rule . By 65 , senators complained that they had no power left and this led to the Pisonian conspiracy .
 = = Danube campaign = =
 While approaching northern Luzon on October 29 , Krosa quickly intensified as the initial eye feature organized into a well @-@ defined eye . Late on October 30 , the JTWC upgraded Krosa to typhoon status , and the next day , both PAGASA and JMA followed suit . On October 31 , Krosa made landfall in northeastern Luzon near Cagayan , and developed a symmetric eyewall while initially moving over land . Land interaction weakened the eye by the time Krosa emerged into the South China Sea late on October 31 . The next day , PAGASA discontinued advisories after the typhoon exited the region . Convection rebuilt around the center , with continued favorable conditions allowing for restrengthening .
 = = Description = =
 In 1992 , Alfredo Lim was elected mayor , the first Chinese @-@ Filipino to hold the office . He was known for his anti @-@ crime crusades . Lim was succeeded by Lito Atienza , who served as his vice @-@ mayor . Atienza was known for his campaign ( and city slogan ) " Buhayin ang Maynila " ( Revive Manila ) , which saw the establishment of several parks and the repair and rehabilitation of the city 's deteriorating facilities . He was the city 's mayor for 3 terms ( 9 years ) before being termed out of office .
 = = = Tropical Storm Vamco ( Manang ) = = =
 In 1911 , Pound introduced two other poets to the Eiffel Tower group : his former fiancée Hilda Doolittle ( who had started signing her work H.D. ) and her future husband Richard Aldington . These two were interested in exploring Greek poetic models , especially Sappho , an interest that Pound shared . The compression of expression that they achieved by following the Greek example complemented the proto @-@ Imagist interest in Japanese poetry , and , in 1912 , during a meeting with them in the British Museum tea room , Pound told H.D. and Aldington that they were Imagistes and even appended the signature H.D. Imagiste to some poems they were discussing .
 Wooden hulls continued to be used for long @-@ range and smaller ironclads , because iron nevertheless had a significant disadvantage . Iron hulls suffered quick fouling by marine life , slowing the ships down — manageable for a European battlefleet close to dry docks , but a difficulty for long @-@ range ships . The only solution was to sheath the iron hull first in wood and then in copper , a laborious and expensive process which made wooden construction remain attractive . Iron and wood were to some extent interchangeable : the Japanese Kongō and Hiei ordered in 1875 were sister @-@ ships , but one was built of iron and the other of composite construction .
 The first wave departed Guam at 23 : 43 . As the second wave landed , Major Siad arrived at the embassy gate accompanied by two truckloads of soldiers and held a grenade in one hand and a radio in the other . His request to speak with the ambassador was granted . Major Siad demanded that the evacuation cease immediately because the Somali government had not granted the US permission to carry out such a military operation . He claimed that he would radio soldiers to shoot down the helicopters if the operation continued . The second and third waves were able to depart without incident as the ambassador negotiated with the Major , who finally agreed to settle the matter for several thousand dollars in cash and keys to the ambassador 's armored car . Ambassador Bishop remained engaged in conversation with the Major until he reached the helicopter landing zone to depart with the final wave to prevent the Major from reneging on the deal . The final wave departed the embassy at 1 : 49 and landed on Guam at 2 : 23 ; twenty minutes later , Ambassador Bishop declared the evacuation complete .
 Books 61 – 63 of Dio 's Roman History describe the reign of Nero . Only fragments of these books remain and what does remain was abridged and altered by John Xiphilinus , an 11th @-@ century monk .
 It is uncertain who or what actually caused the fire — whether accident or arson . Suetonius and Cassius Dio favor Nero as the arsonist , so he could build a palatial complex . Tacitus mentions that Christians confessed to the crime , but it is not known whether these confessions were induced by torture . However , accidental fires were common in ancient Rome . In fact , Rome suffered other large fires in 69 and in 80 .
 Bacon said that chance played a significant role in his work , and that he often approached a canvas without having a clear idea of what might emerge . This was especially the case in the mid to late 1940s , a period when he was drinking heavily and spending most nights in Soho casinos and poker rooms . The following morning he would often approach his canvas " in a bad mood of drinking ... under tremendous hangovers and drink ; I sometimes hardly knew what I was doing . " He incorporated his appetite for chance into his work : an image often would morph mid @-@ way through into something quite different from what he had first intended . He actively sought out this freedom and felt it crucial to his progression as an artist . To him , lifestyle and art were intertwined ; he said that " perhaps the drink helped me to be a bit freer . " This is very evident in the 1949 series , which began as a rather morbid study of a collapsed head , but evolved over the six surviving panels into a reworking of Velázquez masterpieces , and arrived at an image that was to preoccupy Bacon for the subsequent 20 years .
 Come What ( ever ) May sold over 80 @,@ 000 copies in its first week and debuted at the fourth spot on the Billboard 200 in the United States , and went on to be certified gold in the UK , Canada and the United States . In 2007 , the single " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards .
 World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE
 Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad ( CMSB ) , one of the largest publicly traded companies in Sarawak , set up a cement plant in Bintulu at Kidurong Industrial Estate . The plant , manned by 40 people , produces ordinary Portland cement and Portland blast furnace cement . It currently has a combined production capacity of 2 @.@ 75 million MT ( million tonnes ) .
 North of the US 9th Infantry and the battles in the Naktong Bulge and around Yongsan , the US 23d Infantry Regiment after daylight of September 1 was in a very precarious position . Its 1st Battalion had been driven from the river positions and isolated 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) westward . Approximately 400 North Koreans now overran the regimental command post , compelling Freeman to withdraw it about 600 yards ( 550 m ) . There , 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) northwest of Changnyong , the US 23rd Infantry Headquarters and Headquarters Company , miscellaneous regimental units , and regimental staff officers checked the North Koreans in a 3 @-@ hour fight .
 = = = Statistical leaders = = =
 The Kingdom of Tondo flourished during the latter half of the Ming Dynasty as a result of direct trade relations with China . Tondo district was maintained as the traditional capital of the empire , with its rulers as sovereign kings and not mere chieftains , and were addressed variously as panginuan ln Meranau or panginoón in Tagalog ( " lords " ) ; anák banwa ( " son of heaven " ) ; or lakandula ( " lord of the palace " ) , the Emperor of China considered the Lakans ( rulers of ancient Manila ) " 王 " ( Kings ) .
 In an interview with MTV in 2006 , vocalist Corey Taylor said that Come What ( ever ) May was a return to the roots of the band , stating it is " a lot more from the spirit of what the band started with in 1992 . " Noting how some songs were " very atmospheric , " while others maintained " the hard rock and the heavy stuff . " Jon Wiederhorn of MTV said that " for every thrash riff there 's a tunefully grungy passage , for every flailing guitar line there 's a rock @-@ radio hook . " When talking about the track " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " , he said parts are " bludgeoning , barbed and heavy , " while others are " soaring and triumphant , " with the production of Raskulinecz helping balance the album 's heaviness with its radio @-@ accessibility . Come What ( ever ) May 's lyrics include themes of " pain , pleasure , happiness , and grief . " The diversity in subjects is evident throughout the album , songs including " Come What ( ever ) May " were politically influenced while the track " Socio " is about " social anxiety attacks " that vocalist Taylor suffered . " Zzyzx Rd " is a love song written to Taylor 's wife for helping him in his struggles against alcoholism and contemplation of suicide . " I 've never written anything like that before , but it was very important for me to tell the world not only how much she saved me , but how much she means to me , " said Taylor . Taylor said there is a common thread with the lyrics throughout the album , saying that they are " about never forgetting where you came from , who you are and why you do this . "
 = = Football career = =
 Oxaziridines with unsubstituted or acylated nitrogens are capable of nitrogen atom transfer , although this reactivity has received considerably less attention .
 = = Bloody Sunday = =
 = = = Typhoon Soudelor ( Egay ) = = =
 The United Kingdom possessed the largest navy in the world for the whole of the ironclad period . The Royal Navy was the second to adopt ironclad warships , and it applied them worldwide in their whole range of roles . In the age of sail , the British strategy for war depended on the Royal Navy mounting a blockade of the ports of the enemy . Because of the limited endurance of steamships , this was no longer possible , so the British at times considered the risk @-@ laden plan of engaging an enemy fleet in harbor as soon as war broke out . To this end , the Royal Navy developed a series of ' coast @-@ defence battleships ' , starting with the Devastation class . These ' breastwork monitors ' were markedly different from the other high @-@ seas ironclads of the period and were an important precursor of the modern battleship . As long @-@ range monitors they could reach Bermuda unescorted , for example . However , they were still armed with only four heavy guns and were as vulnerable to mines and obstructions ( and enemy monitors ) as the original monitors of the Union Navy proved to be during the Civil War . The British prepared for an overwhelming mortar bombardment of Kronstadt by the close of the Crimean War , but never considered running the smoke @-@ ridden , shallow @-@ water gauntlet straight to St. Petersburg with ironclads . Likewise , monitors proved acutely unable to ' overwhelm ' enemy fortifications single @-@ handed during the American conflict , though their low @-@ profile and heavy armour protection made them ideal for running gauntlets . Mines and obstructions , however , negated these advantages — a problem the British Admiralty frequently acknowledged but never countered throughout the period . The British never laid down enough Devastation @-@ class ' battleships ' to instantly overwhelm Cherbourg , Kronstadt or even New York City with gunfire . Although throughout the 1860s and 1870s the Royal Navy was still in many respects superior to its potential rivals , by the early 1880s widespread concern about the threat from France and Germany culminated in the Naval Defence Act , which promulgated the idea of a ' two @-@ power standard ' , that Britain should possess as many ships as the next two navies combined . This standard provoked aggressive shipbuilding in the 1880s and 1890s .
 Covina , California . A replica of San Lorenzo Head 5 was donated to Covina in 1989 , originally intended to be placed in Jalapa Park . Due to concerns over potential vanadalism it was instead installed outside the police station . It was removed in 2011 and relocated to Jobe 's Glen , Jalapa Park in June 2012 .
 The first battle between ironclads happened on 9 March 1862 , as the armored Monitor was deployed to protect the Union 's wooden fleet from the ironclad ram Virginia and other Confederate warships . In this engagement , the second day of the Battle of Hampton Roads , the two ironclads repeatedly tried to ram one another while shells bounced off their armor . The battle attracted attention worldwide , making it clear that the wooden warship was now out of date , with the ironclads destroying them easily .
 In the wake of the fall of Rabaul , the Catalinas of Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons became the RAAF 's only offensive weapon against the Japanese . Their raids on Rabaul did little to stem the Japanese advance , and in the following months Port Moresby itself was subjected to increasingly frequent attacks , which destroyed aircraft , facilities , and squadron records . In February 1942 , the Short Empires operated by Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons were transferred to the newly formed No. 33 ( Transport ) Squadron . No. 20 Squadron lost two Catalinas during patrols on 4 and 6 May ; the nine crewmen of the first were later found to have been captured and beheaded ; the crew of the second were also captured and subsequently disappeared without trace .
 = = Other media = =
 = = = Security detail and first evacuees = = =
 Anthony " Tiny Bubz " Biuso — drums ( 2007 – 2008 )
 Amos is an England youth international , having played for his country at the Under @-@ 16 , Under @-@ 17 , Under @-@ 18 , Under @-@ 19 , Under @-@ 20 and Under @-@ 21 levels . He was called up to the Under @-@ 21 squad in 2011 for their friendly match against Iceland , but he was an unused substitute .
 The book generated considerable controversy because of its apparent " admiration for Hitler " . The controversy grew further when the faithful stage adaptation ( " too faithful " , according to Steiner ) was performed in the United Kingdom and the United States .
 AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Heroes and Villains :
 = New York State Route 93 =
 = = = San Lorenzo = = =
 = = Olmec civilization = =
 Kristian Lundin — writing
 = = Background = =
 Little Gidding was the home of an Anglican community established in 1626 by Nicholas Ferrar . The Ferrar household lived a Christian life according to High Church principles and the Book of Common Prayer . The religious community was dispersed during the English Civil War between Parliamentarians and Royalists but reformed , ending with the death of John Ferrar in 1657 . Eliot had visited the site in May 1936 .
 When Lester is caught masturbating by Carolyn , his angry retort about their lack of intimacy is the first time he says aloud what he thinks about her . By confronting the issue and Carolyn 's " superficial investments in others " , Lester is trying to " regain a voice in a home that [ only respects ] the voices of mother and daughter " . His final turning point comes when Angela and he almost have sex ; after she confesses her virginity , he no longer thinks of her as a sex object , but as a daughter . He holds her close and " wraps her up " . Mendes called it " the most satisfying end to [ Lester 's ] journey there could possibly have been " . With these final scenes , Mendes intended to show Lester at the conclusion of a " mythical quest " . After Lester gets a beer from the refrigerator , the camera pushes toward him , then stops facing a hallway down which he walks " to meet his fate " . Having begun to act his age again , Lester achieves closure . As he smiles at a family photo , the camera pans slowly from Lester to the kitchen wall , onto which blood spatters as a gunshot rings out ; the slow pan reflects the peace of Lester 's death . His body is discovered by Jane and Ricky . Mendes said that Ricky 's staring into Lester 's dead eyes is " the culmination of the theme " of the film : that beauty is found where it is least expected .
 = = = Prototype transformations = = =
 All of the heads are realistic , unidealised and frank descriptions of the men . It is likely that they were portraits of living ( or recently deceased ) rulers well known to the sculptors . Each head is distinct and naturalistic , displaying individualised features . They were once thought to represent ballplayers although this theory is no longer widely held ; it is possible , however , that they represent rulers equipped for the Mesoamerican ballgame . Facial expressions depicted on the heads vary from stern through placid to smiling . The most naturalistic Olmec art is the earliest , appearing suddenly without surviving antecedents , with a tendency towards more stylised sculpture as time progressed . Some surviving examples of wooden sculpture recovered from El Manatí demonstrate that the Olmecs are likely to have created many more perishable sculptures than works sculpted from stone .
 Direct treatment of the " thing " , whether subjective or objective .
 = = Early life = =
 Indeed the truth about this has not come out even yet ; for so far as the rest of his subjects were concerned , there was nothing to prevent his continuing to be Emperor for all time , seeing that even now everybody wishes he were still alive . And the great majority do believe that he still is , although in a certain sense he has died not once but often along with those who had been firmly convinced that he was still alive .
 Oxaziridines are intermediates in the Peroxide process for the production of hydrazine . Many millions of kilograms of hydrazine are produced annually by this method that involves a step wherein ammonia is oxidized in the presence of methyl ethyl ketone to give the oxaziridine :
 SM UB @-@ 8 ( as U @-@ 8 )
 The venues are as follows :
 The city has 896 barangays that are known by sequential numbers instead of names . These barangays are further group into 100 zones for administrative and municipal purposes .
 = = = Perfluorinated oxaziridines = = =
 Kujira developed from a broad area of disturbed weather as a tropical depression on April 9 well removed from any landmasses . Shortly after development , Kujira quickly intensified in its early stages , and was upgraded to a tropical storm just two days after cyclogenesis . Strengthening slowed afterwards , though the storm attained typhoon intensity on April 14 . Intensification continued and late on April 15 , Kujira reached its peak intensity with winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 930 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 46 inHg ) . Following peak intensity , Kujira would begin to track northwest and oscillate in strength , cresting an additional two times in intensity . On April 21 , the typhoon was downgraded to tropical storm intensity and began to track erratically for several days east of Taiwan . However , on April 24 , Kujira would resume a northward track and begin to weaken , and on April 24 was downgraded to tropical depression strength as it made landfall on Kyushu . Following landfall , Kujira transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on April 25 , which persisted until crossing the International Dateline towards the end of April 2003 .
 Early shooting put more focus on the pool playing , but during filming Rossen made the decision to place more emphasis on the love story between Newman and Laurie 's characters . Despite the change in emphasis , Rossen still used the various pool games to show the strengthening of Eddie 's character and the evolution of his relationship to Bert and Sarah , through the positioning of the characters in the frame . For example , when Eddie is playing Findley , Eddie is positioned below Bert in a two shot but above Findley while still below Bert in a three shot . When Sarah enters the room , she is below Eddie in two shot while in a three shot Eddie is still below Bert . When Eddie is kneeling over Sarah 's body , Bert again appears above him but Eddie attacks Bert , ending up on top of him . Eddie finally appears above Bert in two shot when Eddie returns to beat Fats .
 On January 14 , 2006 , Judge Christopher Droney stated that unless WWE gave him a good argument between then and the 25th , he would rule in favor of Lesnar , giving him a summary judgment . This would have enabled Lesnar to work anywhere , immediately . WWE was later granted a deadline postponement . On April 24 , WWE announced on WWE.com that both parties had reached a settlement . On June 12 , a federal judge dismissed the case at the request of both legal parties .
 Just outside Ransomville , NY 93 leaves the town of Porter for the town of Wilson . It continues generally southeastward across mostly open terrain , meeting Randall Road ( CR 83 ) and Church Street ( CR 56 ) on its way to the town of Cambria . NY 93 becomes North Ridge Road at the town line , and it soon enters the hamlet of North Ridge , a community built up around the route 's intersection with NY 425 ( Cambria – Wilson Road ) . The hamlet 's residential surroundings continue to the adjacent community of Molyneaux Corners , where NY 93 becomes concurrent with NY 104 ( Ridge Road ) . NY 93 and NY 104 proceed northeast across lightly populated areas for 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) to the hamlet of Warren Corners , at which point NY 93 splits from NY 104 and heads southward along Town Line Road . It immediately intersects with Stone Road ( CR 19 ) before leaving the hamlet .
 Crop damage was worst along the Indian River Lagoon ; several farms in Stuart experienced total losses , and statewide , 16 % of the citrus crop , or 4 million boxes , were destroyed . Many chicken coops in Stuart were destroyed , and the local chicken population was scattered and dispersed as far as Indiantown . Across southeastern Florida , the hurricane damaged 6 @,@ 465 houses and destroyed another 383 , causing over $ 3 million in damage . One person , an African American farm worker , was killed when his shack blew down in Gomez , a brakeman died after seven railcars derailed , and a child was killed by airborne debris .
 Mendes had Spacey and Bening in mind for the leads from the beginning , but DreamWorks executives were unenthusiastic . The studio suggested several alternatives , including Bruce Willis , Kevin Costner , or John Travolta to play Lester , and Helen Hunt or Holly Hunter to play Carolyn . Mendes did not want a big star " weighing the film down " ; he felt Spacey was the right choice based on his performances in the 1995 films The Usual Suspects and Seven , and 1992 's Glengarry Glen Ross . Spacey was surprised ; he said , " I usually play characters who are very quick , very manipulative and smart . [ ... ] I usually wade in dark , sort of treacherous waters . This is a man living one step at a time , playing by his instincts . This is actually much closer to me , to what I am , than those other parts . " Mendes offered Bening the role of Carolyn without the studio 's consent ; although executives were upset at Mendes , by September 1998 , DreamWorks had entered negotiations with Spacey and Bening .
 The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was a finalist in the 1983 PEN / Faulkner Award for Fiction .
 = = Live performances = =
 King of the Ring ( 2002 )
 = = Physical appearance = =
 Eddie humiliates a local pool shark , exposing himself as a hustler , and the other players punish him by breaking his thumbs . As he heals , Sarah cares for him and tells him she loves him , but he cannot say the words in return . When Eddie is ready to play , he agrees to Bert 's terms , deciding that a " 25 % slice of something big is better than a 100 % slice of nothing " .
 = = = = Common architectural design features = = = =
 = = Film and theater projects = =
 The work is composed in ink , pencil , colored pencil , and watercolor on paper and measures 28 by 19 inches ( 71 cm × 48 cm ) . When exhibiting this work along with alternate versions and sketches , the University of Pennsylvania summarized the work as a " bird 's @-@ eye view of the city from Ninth Avenue in a straight line westward , with space becoming ever more condensed ... " They also described the work as a tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek view of the world . New York interpreted the New York @-@ centric mind 's view of the rest of the world as a set of outer boroughs as iconic . National Post journalist Robert Fulford described the perspective as one in which the entire world is a suburb of Manhattan .
 The launch of HMS Dreadnought in 1906 by the Royal Navy raised the stakes , and complicated Japan 's plans . Displacing 17 @,@ 900 long tons ( 18 @,@ 200 t ) and armed with ten 12 @-@ inch ( 30 @.@ 5 cm ) guns , Dreadnought rendered all existing battleships obsolete by comparison . The launch of the battlecruiser HMS Invincible the following year was a further setback for Japan 's quest for parity . When the two new Satsuma @-@ class battleships and two Tsukuba @-@ class armoured cruisers , launched by 1911 , were outclassed by their British counterparts , the Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program was restarted .
 Though Lesnar said he was " closing the door on MMA " in March 2015 , UFC announced on June 4 , 2016 , that he would return at UFC 200 on July 9 . WWE confirmed it had granted Lesnar " a one @-@ off opportunity " to compete at UFC 200 before he would return to the company for SummerSlam on August 21 .
 Even though Britain led the world in steel production , the Royal Navy was slow to adopt steel warships . The Bessemer process for steel manufacture produced too many imperfections for large @-@ scale use on ships . French manufacturers used the Siemens @-@ Martin process to produce adequate steel , but British technology lagged behind . The first all @-@ steel warships built by the Royal Navy were the dispatch vessels Iris and Mercury , laid down in 1875 and 1876 .
 = = Healthcare = =
 The congregation decided to leave the Conservative movement in 1995 , and for a year had no affiliation . In late 1996 , after considering both Reform and Reconstructionist as alternatives , the congregation affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement . By 1999 , membership had grown to around 370 families .
 The tank 's design flaws , combined with the decision by the War Office not to use light tanks in British armoured divisions , ruled out the use of Tetrarchs in the North African Campaign . As a result , the majority of the tanks remained in Britain , although 20 were sent to the USSR as part of the Lend @-@ Lease program . In early 1941 , the Royal Armoured Corps formed three squadrons for use in overseas amphibious operations , one of which was equipped with Tetrarchs . In May 1942 , a small number of Tetrarchs formed part of the British force which participated in the invasion of Madagascar , and , in June 1942 , Tetrarchs were attached to the 1st Airborne Division after it was decided that the design allowed its use as an air @-@ portable light tank to support British airborne forces . The Tetrarchs were transported and landed in specially designed General Aircraft Hamilcar gliders . A lack of gliders prevented their participation in the Allied invasion of Sicily in 1943 ; instead they were attached to the new 6th Airborne Division and became part of the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment .
 Simeon – search party leader and " presiding judge " at Hitler 's trial ; he is Lieber 's confidant and torn between leading the party into " unmapped quicksand and green bogs " and turning his back on the " quiet mania of Lieber 's conviction " .
 = = = College = = =
 Cemeteries , including those of war dead , are targets for vandalism . The gravestones , cemeteries and buildings of the Commission are no exception . The Commission believes that graffiti and damage to stonework are usually the pursuits partaken by young people , noting the number of incidents increases when schoolchildren are on school holidays . Determined thieves will also steal the bronze swords off the Cross of Sacrifice , which are now replaced with identical ones made in fibreglass .
 A significant number of broadside ironclads were built in the 1860s , principally in Britain and France , but in smaller numbers by other powers including Italy , Austria , Russia and the United States . The advantages of mounting guns on both broadsides was that the ship could engage more than one adversary at a time , and the rigging did not impede the field of fire .
 After Paul Heyman returned to WWE as general manager of SmackDown ! , Lesnar aligned himself with his former manager . With Survivor Series coming up , Lesnar decided to challenge Angle to a traditional Survivor Series elimination tag team match . Lesnar chose Big Show as his first teammate , with Heyman adding a returning Nathan Jones and a debuting Matt Morgan to bring the team number to four . Angle chose Chris Benoit and The APA to join his team . However , Faarooq was injured during a match with Lesnar and Angle 's team was forced to find a replacement for him . Lesnar 's team picked A @-@ Train to fill the fifth and final spot for them after he attacked John Cena , who refused to accept an invitation to join Lesnar 's team . Cena instead joined Angle 's team , and Angle added Hardcore Holly as the fifth member ; Lesnar had injured Holly the year before and he hadn 't wrestled since . In the climax of the match , Chris Benoit became the only second wrestler to make Lesnar tap out . Lesnar faced Benoit in a singles bout two weeks later for the WWE Championship on SmackDown ! , where Lesnar won after Benoit passed out to Lesnar 's debuting Brock Lock submission hold .
 After releasing three albums on Jive Records , Hed PE left the label to record independently , eventually signing with Suburban Noize Records in 2006 . Since 2006 , the band has become known for its involvement in the 9 / 11 Truth movement , referencing it in many of their song lyrics and concerts , as well as the concept of the album New World Orphans . To date , they have released nine studio albums , one live album and two compilation albums .
 World War II dramatically changed the lives of Gibraltarians . The decision to enforce mass evacuation in order to increase the strength of the Rock with more military and naval personnel meant that most Gibraltarians ( some for up to ten years ) had nowhere to call ' home ' . Only those civilians with essential jobs were allowed to stay but it gave the entire community a sense of being ' British ' by sharing in the war effort .
 The theme of swimming through flames is connected to the depiction of Guido Guinizelli , a poet that influenced Dante , seeking such a state in Purgatorio XXVI . However , the depiction of swimming was transformed into an image of dancing , an act that appears throughout Yeats 's poetry , within purgatorial flames . The critic Dominic Manganiello suggests that , in combining the image of dancing with purgation , Eliot merges Dante 's and Yeats 's poetic themes .
 Some of the country 's oldest schools are founded in Intramuros , these are the University of Santo Tomas ( 1611 ) , Colegio de San Juan de Letran ( 1620 ) , and Ateneo de Manila University ( 1859 ) . Only Colegio de San Juan de Letran remains at Intramuros ; the University of Santo Tomas transferred to a new campus at Sampaloc in 1927 , and Ateneo left Intramuros for Loyola Heights , Quezon City ( while still retaining " de Manila " in its name ) in 1952 . Other prominent educational institutions include the Manila High School and the University of the City of Manila .
 Clayton Edward Kershaw ( born March 19 , 1988 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . A left @-@ handed starting pitcher , Kershaw has played in the major leagues since 2008 , and his career earned run average ( ERA ) and Walks and hits per innings pitched average ( WHIP ) are the lowest among starters in the live @-@ ball era with a minimum of 1 @,@ 000 innings pitched . With his Career Hits Allowed Per Nine Innings Pitched average ( 6 @.@ 64 ) Which is the second lowest in MLB History , a three @-@ time Cy Young Award winner , the 2014 National League Most Valuable Player and Los Angeles Dodgers All Time Leader in walks and hits per innings pitched ( 1 @.@ 01 ) and hits allowed per nine innings pitched ( 6 @.@ 64 ) , Kershaw is considered by many to be the best pitcher in MLB .
 At the end of 1919 , the Commission had spent £ 7 @,@ 500 , and this figure rose to £ 250 @,@ 000 in 1920 as construction of cemeteries and memorials increased . By 1921 , the Commission had established 1 @,@ 000 cemeteries which were ready for headstone erections , and burials . Between 1920 and 1923 , the Commission was shipping 4 @,@ 000 headstones a week to France . In many cases small cemeteries were closed and the graves concentrated in larger ones . By 1927 , when the majority of construction had been completed , over 500 cemeteries had been built , with 400 @,@ 000 headstones , a thousand Crosses of Sacrifice , and 400 Stones of Remembrance .
 After marrying Robin Petyarre , brother of artist Gloria Petyarre , Josepha Petrick moved to the region of Utopia , north @-@ east of Alice Springs , which is where she was living when she began painting around 1990 . They had seven children , one of whom , Damien Petrick , went on to become an artist like his mother . By 2008 , Josie Petrick 's husband had died , and Petrick was dividing her time between Alice Springs and Harts Range , to its north @-@ east .
 = = Broadcast and reception = =
 Rifenburg 's college career was interrupted by World War II service in the United States Navy , but after missing the 1945 season , he returned to play for the Wolverines from 1946 to 1948 . Rifenburg played for the Wolverines in consecutive undefeated National Championship seasons in 1947 and 1948 . He started nine games for the 1947 team . The 1947 team referred to as " Michigan 's Mad Magicians " is considered to be the greatest University of Michigan football team of all time . Rifenberg and teammate Len Ford had the reputation as the team practical jokers . During the 1947 game against Wisconsin , Rifenburg started calling signals for the Badgers . Wisconsin 's offense protested to officials , who " prowled the Wolverines secondary but never caught their man . " Rifenburg continued to scramble Badger signals , as Rifenburg 's teammates laughed at his scheme . In the January 1 , 1948 Rose Bowl that season , Michigan rolled to a 49 – 0 victory over USC , and they outgained the Trojans 491 yards to 133 . Rifenburg caught a 29 @-@ yard pass for the game 's final score .
 The Triassic @-@ Jurassic extinction event around 199 @.@ 6 Mya led to the extinction of most Mesozoic temnospondyls . The brachyopoids survived , as well as a few capitosauroids and trematosauroids . While the latter two groups soon became extinct , brachyopoids persisted and grew to large sizes during the Jurassic . Among brachyopoids , the brachyopids flourished in China and the chigutisaurids became common in Gondwana . The most recent known temnospondyl was the giant chigutisaurid Koolasuchus , known from the Early Cretaceous of Australia . It survived in rift valleys that were too cold in the winter for crocodiles that normally would have competed with them . Koolasuchus was one of the largest of the brachyopoids , with an estimated weight of 500 kg ( 1 @,@ 100 lb ) .
 = = Major intersections = =
 For services unknown , he was rewarded with a consulship early in Vespasian 's reign in 71 . This was a remarkable honour , not only because he held this office early under the new regime , but also because it was an ordinary consulship ( instead of a less prestigious suffect consulship ) , making him one of the few non @-@ Flavians to be honoured in this way under Vespasian . After 71 Nerva again disappears from historical record , presumably continuing his career as an inconspicuous advisor under Vespasian ( 69 – 79 ) and his sons Titus ( 79 – 81 ) and Domitian ( 81 – 96 ) .
 Five singles have been released from the album . The lead single , " El Amor " , became a commercial success in several Latin American countries and was number one on the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs charts . It was followed by " Fuiste Tú " ( featuring Gaby Moreno ) , which reached number one on the Latin Pop Songs , number two on the Latin Songs charts and topped several other national charts . " Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released in May 2012 ; " Te Quiero " in July 2012 , and " Si Tu No Existieras " in November 2012 . To promote Independiente , Arjona embarked on his Metamorfosis World Tour .
 = = = Prequels = = =
 Brausen commissioned another showing to be held in 1950 , for which Bacon painted three large popes modelled on Velázquez 's portrait . The gallery advertised the show as " Francis Bacon : Three Studies from the Painting of Innocent X by Velázquez " , but in the end Bacon was dissatisfied with the works and destroyed them before the show opened .
 = = Italian frogmen raids 1940 – 1943 = =
 Turan cited Ball 's lack of constraint when writing the film as the reason for its uniqueness , in particular the script 's subtle changes in tone . McCarthy said the script was " as fresh and distinctive " as any of its American film contemporaries , and praised how it analyzed the characters while not compromising narrative pace . He called Ball 's dialogue " tart " and said the characters — Carolyn excepted — were " deeply drawn " . One other flaw , McCarthy said , was the revelation of Col. Fitts ' homosexuality , which he said evoked " hoary Freudianism " . Jackson said the film transcended its clichéd setup to become a " wonderfully resourceful and sombre comedy " . He said that even when the film played for sitcom laughs , it did so with " unexpected nuance " . Hentzi criticized how the film made a mystery of Lester 's murder , believing it manipulative and simply a way of generating suspense . McCarthy cited the production and costume design as pluses , and said the soundtrack was good at creating " ironic counterpoint [ s ] " to the story . Hentzi concluded that American Beauty was " vital but uneven " ; he felt the film 's examination of " the ways which teenagers and adults imagine each other 's lives " was its best point , and that although Lester and Angela 's dynamic was familiar , its romantic irony stood beside " the most enduring literary treatments " of the theme , such as Lolita . Nevertheless , Hentzi believed that the film 's themes of materialism and conformity in American suburbia were " hackneyed " . McCarthy conceded that the setting was familiar , but said it merely provided the film with a " starting point " from which to tell its " subtle and acutely judged tale " . Maslin agreed ; she said that while it " takes aim at targets that are none too fresh " , and that the theme of nonconformity did not surprise , the film had its own " corrosive novelty " . Ebert awarded American Beauty four stars out of four , and Turan said it was layered , subversive , complex , and surprising , concluding it was " a hell of a picture " .
 In a series of conflicts from 1803 @-@ 15 known as the Napoleonic Wars , various European powers formed five coalitions against the First French Empire . Like the wars sparked by the French Revolution ( 1789 ) , these further revolutionized the formation , organization and training of European armies and led to an unprecedented militarization , mainly due to mass conscription . Under the leadership of Napoleon , French power rose quickly as the Grande Armée conquered most of Europe , and collapsed rapidly after the disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812 . Napoleon 's empire ultimately suffered complete military defeat in the 1813 – 14 campaigns , resulting in the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France . Although Napoleon made a spectacular return in 1815 , known as the Hundred Days , his defeat at the Battle of Waterloo , the pursuit of his army and himself , his abdication and banishment to the Island of Saint Helena concluded the Napoleonic Wars .
 As of February 18 , the most successful territories were the United Kingdom ( $ 15 @.@ 2 million ) , Italy ( $ 10 @.@ 8 million ) , Germany ( $ 10 @.@ 5 million ) , Australia ( $ 6 million ) , and France ( $ 5 @.@ 3 million ) . The Academy Award nominations meant strong performances continued across the board ; the following weekend , American Beauty grossed $ 10 @.@ 9 million in 27 countries , with strong debuts in Brazil , Mexico , and South Korea . Other high spots included robust returns in Argentina , Greece , and Turkey . On the weekend of March 3 , 2000 , American Beauty debuted strongly in Hong Kong , Taiwan , and Singapore , markets traditionally " not receptive to this kind of upscale fare " . The impressive South Korean performance continued , with a return of $ 1 @.@ 2 million after nine days . In total , American Beauty grossed $ 130 @.@ 1 million in North America and $ 226 @.@ 2 million internationally , for $ 356 @.@ 3 million worldwide .
 Knee lifts to the opponent 's midsection
 = = = Development = = =
 = = = Investigation = = =
 = = = Early rule = = =
 On 1 January , 98 , at the start of his fourth consulship , Nerva suffered a stroke during a private audience . Shortly thereafter he was struck by a fever and died at his villa in the Gardens of Sallust , on 28 January . He was deified by the Senate , and his ashes were laid to rest in the Mausoleum of Augustus .
 I am about to scream madly in the office / Especially when they bring more papers to pile higher on my desk .
 = = = Dispositions = = =
 = = = Early years = = =
 The losses were staggering : Gazan lost close to 40 percent of his division to death and wounds . Aside from losing five guns , 47 officers and 895 men under his command were captured , bringing the loss of effectives closer to 60 percent ; furthermore , he lost the eagles of the 4th Infantry Regiment ( France ) and the eagle and guidon of the 4th Dragoons . The Russians lost around 4 @,@ 000 , about 16 percent of their force , and two regimental colors . The Austrian Lieutenant Field Marshal Schmitt was killed as the battle concluded , probably by Russian musketry in the confused melee . The vineyards and the villages of Ober- and Unterloiben were destroyed , as was most of Dürenstein and Stein . Krems was heavily damaged ; the French plundered the town at least twice , and " barbarously handled " its inhabitants .
 Manila has six legislative districts that serve as the constituencies for the election of the city 's representatives to the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines and of the regular members to the Sangguniang Panlungsod ( SP ; City Council ) . Each district elects one representative to the House of Representatives and six SP members to the council . The city , along with the rest of the nation , elects 12 senators as one at @-@ large district .
 Tourism is a vital industry in Manila , and it welcomes approximately over 1 million tourists each year . Major destinations include the walled city of Intramuros , the National Theater at the Cultural Center of the Philippines , Manila Ocean Park , Binondo , Ermita , Malate , Manila Zoo , National Museum of the Philippines and Rizal Park .
 In 1806 Gore won election to the State Senate . That year the Republicans were in the majority , and the election for governor was close enough to require a recount . The legislature scrutinized the ballots in a partisan manner ( for example , retaining ballots containing misspelled versions of Republican James Sullivan 's name and discarding similar ballots marked for Federalist Caleb Strong ) . Gore and other Federalists raised a public outcry , and the legislature relented , eventually certifying Strong as the winner .
 The city has several well @-@ known sports venues , such as the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex and San Andres Gym , the home of the now defunct Manila Metrostars . The Rizal Memorial Sports Complex houses the Rizal Memorial Track and Football Stadium , the Baseball Stadium , Tennis Courts , Memorial Coliseum and the Ninoy Aquino Stadium ( the latter two are indoor arenas ) .
 The film presents Ricky as its " visionary , [ ... ] spiritual and mystical center " . He sees beauty in the minutiae of everyday life , videoing as much as he can for fear of missing it . He shows Jane what he considers the most beautiful thing he has filmed : a plastic bag , tossing in the wind in front of a wall . He says capturing the moment was when he realized that there was " an entire life behind things " ; he feels that " sometimes there 's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can 't take it ... and my heart is going to cave in . " Anker argues that Ricky , in looking past the " cultural dross " , has " [ grasped ] the radiant splendor of the created world " to see God . As the film progresses , the Burnhams move closer to Ricky 's view of the world . Lester only forswears personal satisfaction at the film 's end . On the cusp of having sex with Angela , he returns to himself after she admits her virginity . Suddenly confronted with a child , he begins to treat her as a daughter ; in doing so , Lester sees himself , Angela , and his family " for the poor and fragile but wondrous creatures they are " . He looks at a picture of his family in happier times , and dies having had an epiphany that infuses him with " wonder , joy , and soul @-@ shaking gratitude " — he has finally seen the world as it is .
 The city , as the capital , still hosts the Office of the President , as well as the president 's official residence . Aside from these , important institutions such as the Supreme Court , the Court of Appeals , the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas , the Departments of Budget and Management , Finance , Health , Justice , Labor and Employment and Public Works and Highways still call the city home . Manila also hosts important national institutions such as the National Library , National Archives , National Museum and the Philippine General Hospital .
 In 1920 , the Commission built three experimental cemeteries at Le Treport , Forceville and Louvencourt , following the principles outlined in the Kenyon report . Of these , the Forceville Communal Cemetery and Extension was agreed to be the most successful . Having consulted with garden designer Gertrude Jekyll , the architects created a walled cemetery with uniform headstones in a garden setting , augmented by Blomfield 's Cross of Sacrifice and Lutyens ' Stone of Remembrance . After some adjustments , Forceville became the template for the Commission 's building programme . Adjustments were required because all three experimental cemeteries went over budget . To ensure future cemeteries remained within their budget the Commission decided to not build shelters in cemeteries that contained less than 200 graves , to not place a Stone of Remembrance in any cemetery with less than 400 graves , and to limit the height of cemetery walls to 1 metre ( 3 @.@ 3 ft ) .
 American Beauty follows a traditional narrative structure , only deviating with the displaced opening scene of Jane and Ricky from the middle of the story . Although the plot spans one year , the film is narrated by Lester at the moment of his death . Jacqueline Furby says that the plot " occupies [ ... ] no time [ or ] all time " , citing Lester 's claim that life did not flash before his eyes , but that it " stretches on forever like an ocean of time " . Furby argues that a " rhythm of repetition " forms the core of the film 's structure . For example , two scenes have the Burnhams sitting down to an evening meal , shot from the same angle . Each image is broadly similar , with minor differences in object placement and body language that reflect the changed dynamic brought on by Lester 's new @-@ found assertiveness . Another example is the pair of scenes in which Jane and Ricky film each other . Ricky films Jane from his bedroom window as she removes her bra , and the image is reversed later for a similarly " voyeuristic and exhibitionist " scene in which Jane films Ricky at a vulnerable moment .
 In 2008 , an exploratory excavation discovered mass graves on the edge of Pheasant Wood outside of Fromelles . Two @-@ hundred and fifty British and Australian bodies were excavated from five mass graves which were interred in the newly constructed Fromelles ( Pheasant Wood ) Military Cemetery . This was the first new Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery in more than 50 years , the last such cemeteries having been built after the Second World War .
 = = Controversy = =
 = = Release and promotion = =
 = = = Filming and effects = = =
 = = = Matricide and consolidation of power = = =
 UB @-@ 9 was initially assigned to the Baltic Flotilla , and was joined by UB @-@ 2 and UB @-@ 5 in early 1916 . All three became training boats at Kiel in 1916 , joining UB @-@ 11 in that duty . Little information is available about the Type UB I boats operating in the Baltic .
 Once a pattern is identified , the storm features ( such as length and curvature of banding features ) are further analyzed to arrive at a particular T @-@ number .
 The 2nd District ( 2015 population : 215 @,@ 457 ) covers the eastern inland portion of Tondo , a neighborhood or sub @-@ district known as Gagalangin .
 Writer Steven Moffat stated that he wanted an " epic " quality to the Christmas special . The story would also show how the Doctor had responded to losing his previous companions ; Moffat said that " I think he 's probably reached the point in his life where he 's saying , ' Friendship for me is just postponed bereavement — I want to be on my own for a while ' . " Moffat compared the withdrawn Doctor seen at the onset of the episode to the first appearances of the First Doctor ( William Hartnell ) in 1963 and the Ninth Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) in 2005 . He also attributed the idea of a retired Doctor to a plot proposed by Douglas Adams in the 1970s , but rejected by the production team at the time . Continuing the theme introduced with the series ' first five episodes , " The Snowmen " was promoted like a movie . A movie poster was released in the Radio Times , showing the Doctor and Clara ascending the ladder to the TARDIS .
 A handful of other sources also add a limited and varying perspective on Nero . Few surviving sources paint Nero in a favourable light . Some sources , though , portray him as a competent emperor who was popular with the Roman people , especially in the east .
 = = = Ultimate Fighting Championship ( 2008 – 2011 ) = = =
 Lesnar debuted on WWF television on the March 18 , 2002 , episode of Raw , coming through the crowd and attacking Al Snow , Maven and Spike Dudley during their match . He was accompanied by Paul Heyman , who was seen giving instructions to Lesnar . When the brand extension was introduced in the WWF , Lesnar was drafted to the Raw brand . Later , Heyman was confirmed to be Lesnar 's agent and gave Lesnar the nickname " The Next Big Thing " . Lesnar 's first feud was with the Hardy Boyz . Lesnar and Jeff Hardy squared off at Backlash in Lesnar 's first official televised match . He won the match by knockout after Hardy was unable to respond to referee Theodore Long . The next night on Raw , Lesnar faced off against Jeff Hardy 's brother , Matt Hardy , and defeated him in the same fashion .
 The city also contains the Manila Science High School , the pilot science high school of the Philippines ; the National Museum , where the Spoliarium of Juan Luna is housed ; the Metropolitan Museum of Manila , a museum of modern and contemporary visual arts ; the Museo Pambata , the Children 's Museum , a place of hands @-@ on discovery and fun learning ; and , the National Library , the repository of the country 's printed and recorded cultural heritage and other literary and information resources .
 In February 2000 , American Beauty was nominated for eight Academy Awards ; its closest rivals , The Cider House Rules and The Insider , received seven nominations each . In March 2000 , the major industry labor organizations all awarded their top honors to American Beauty ; perceptions had shifted — the film was now the favorite to dominate the Academy Awards . American Beauty 's closest rival for Best Picture was still The Cider House Rules , from Miramax . Both studios mounted aggressive campaigns ; DreamWorks bought 38 % more advertising space in Variety than Miramax . On March 26 , 2000 , American Beauty won five Academy Awards : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor ( Spacey ) , Best Original Screenplay and Best Cinematography . At the 53rd British Academy Film Awards , American Beauty won six of the 14 awards for which it was nominated : Best Film , Best Actor , Best Actress ( Bening ) , Best Cinematography , Best Film Music and Best Editing . In 2000 , the Publicists Guild of America recognized DreamWorks for the best film publicity campaign . In September 2008 , Empire named American Beauty the 96th " Greatest Movie of All Time " after a poll of 10 @,@ 000 readers , 150 filmmakers , and 50 film critics , the fourth @-@ highest ranked movie from 1999 ( behind Fight Club , The Matrix , and Magnolia ) . In 2013 , the Writers Guild of America ranked the screenplay number 38 on its list of 101 greatest screenplays .
 = = IRA resurgence = =
 = 1 henry and capacitance C =
 During the 1870s the distinction grew between ' first @-@ class ironclads ' or ' battleships ' on the one hand , and ' cruising ironclads ' designed for long @-@ range work on the other . The demands on first @-@ class ironclads for very heavy armor and armament meant increasing displacement , which reduced speed under sail ; and the fashion for turrets and barbettes made a sailing rig increasingly inconvenient . HMS Inflexible , launched in 1876 but not commissioned until 1881 , was the last British battleship to carry masts , and these were widely seen as a mistake . The start of the 1880s saw the end of sailing rig on ironclad battleships .
 Ball did not expect to sell the script , believing it would act as more of a calling card , but American Beauty drew interest from several production bodies . Cannava passed the script to several producers , including Dan Jinks and Bruce Cohen , who took it to DreamWorks . With the help of executives Glenn Williamson and Bob Cooper , and Steven Spielberg in his capacity as studio partner , Ball was convinced to develop the project at DreamWorks ; he received assurances from the studio — known at the time for its more conventional fare — that it would not " iron the [ edges ] out " . In an unusual move , DreamWorks decided not to option the script ; instead , in April 1998 , the studio bought it outright for $ 250 @,@ 000 , outbidding Fox Searchlight Pictures , October Films , Metro @-@ Goldwyn @-@ Mayer , and Lakeshore Entertainment . DreamWorks planned to make the film for $ 6 – 8 million .
 The environmentally sensitive building was designed by Mel Solomon and Associates of Kansas City and local company TBG Architects & Planners , and built by McKenzie Commercial Construction of Eugene . The building used " energy efficient heating , ventilation and lighting " : specific design issues with the building 's energy efficiency included the fact that the largest room in the building , the sanctuary , was also the least @-@ used , and , in accord with Jewish tradition , had to face east ( towards Jerusalem ) .
 Perfluorinated oxaziridines are known to hydroxylate unactivated hydrocarbons with remarkable regio , and diastereospecificity . This is a highly coveted transformation , and similar reactivity and specificity is seldom rivaled , especially considering the nonmetallic nature of the oxidant . Perfluorinated oxaziridines show high selectivity toward tertiary hydrogens . Hydroxylation of primary carbons and dihydroxylation of a compound with two oxidizable sites have never been observed . Retention of stereochemistry is very high , often 95 - 98 % . ( retenton of stereochemistry may be further enhanced by the addition of a fluoride salt ) .
 = = = Transmission parameters = = =
 The fort of Bintulu which was built entirely of wood , was in somewhat ruinous condition . It stood nearly on the sea @-@ shore , and just behind it , at a distance of few paces , the primeval forests commenced ... Some chinamen had settled at the vicinity of the fort and had built a small bazaar ; but the village is chiefly formed by the houses of the Melanau beyond the Chinese kampong ( village ) . These Melanaus used to live further up the river , but since the construction of the fort , and the installation of an officer of the Rajah near the mouth of the river , they came to settle near the sea – a thing they would never have dared to do in former days for fear of the attacks of the Lanun pirates and Dayak pirates .
 SM UB @-@ 8 ( became the Bulgarian Podvodnik No. 18 , May 1916 )
 Frederick Warde as Ezra Greer
 The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was a 1983 finalist in the PEN / Faulkner Award for Fiction . It was adapted for the theatre by British playwright Christopher Hampton and was staged in London in April 1982 with Alec McCowen playing the part of Adolf Hitler . It was also staged in Hartford , Connecticut in the United States in 1983 and starred John Cullum as Hitler .
 The Commission is currently responsible for the continued commemoration of 1 @.@ 7 million deceased Commonwealth military service members in 153 countries . Since its inception , the Commission has constructed approximately 2 @,@ 500 war cemeteries and numerous memorials . The Commission is currently responsible for the care of war dead at over 23 @,@ 000 separate burial sites and the maintenance of more than 200 memorials worldwide . In addition to commemorating Commonwealth military service members , the Commission maintains , under arrangement with applicable governments , over 40 @,@ 000 non @-@ Commonwealth war graves and over 25 @,@ 000 non @-@ war military and civilian graves . The Commission operates through the continued financial support of the member states : United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , India and South Africa . The current President of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission is Prince Edward , Duke of Kent .
 Through the remainder of the war , ironclads saw action in the Union 's attacks on Confederate ports . Seven Union monitors , including USS Montauk , as well as two other ironclads , the ironclad frigate New Ironsides and a light @-@ draft USS Keokuk , participated in the failed attack on Charleston ; one was sunk . Two small ironclads , CSS Palmetto State and CSS Chicora participated in the defence of the harbor . For the later attack at Mobile Bay , the Union assembled four monitors as well as 11 wooden ships , facing the CSS Tennessee , the Confederacy 's most powerful ironclad and the gunboats CSS Morgan , CSS Gaines , CSS Selma .
 Feud of the Year ( 2003 ) vs. Kurt Angle
 Alfredo Lim once again ran for mayor and defeated Atienza 's son Ali in the 2007 city election and immediately reversed all of Atienza 's projects claiming Atienza 's projects made little contribution to the improvements of the city . The relationship of both parties turned bitter , with the two pitting again during the 2010 city elections in which Lim won against Atienza .
 Likewise , the generous donativum bestowed upon the soldiers following his accession was expected to swiftly silence any protests against the violent regime change . The Praetorians considered these measures insufficient , however , and demanded the execution of Domitian 's assassins , which Nerva refused . Continued dissatisfaction with this state of affairs would ultimately lead to the gravest crisis of Nerva 's reign .
 The Commission had also been mandated to individually commemorate each soldier who had no known grave , which amounted to 315 @,@ 000 in France and Belgium alone . The Commission initially decided to build 12 monuments on which to commemorate the missing ; each memorial being located at the site of an important battle along the Western Front . After resistance from the French committee responsible for the approvals of memorials on French territory , the Commission revised their plan and reduced the number of memorials , and in some cases built memorials to the missing in existing cemeteries rather than as separate structures .
 On 12 October 1861 , the CSS Manassas became the first ironclad to enter combat , when she fought Union warships on the Mississippi during the Battle of the Head of Passes . She had been converted from a commercial vessel in New Orleans for river and coastal fighting . In February 1862 , the larger CSS Virginia joined the Confederate Navy , having been rebuilt at Norfolk . Constructed on the hull of USS Merrimack , Virginia originally was a conventional warship made of wood , but she was converted into an iron @-@ covered casemate ironclad gunship , when she entered the Confederate navy . By this time , the Union had completed seven ironclad gunboats of the City class , and was about to complete the USS Monitor , an innovative design proposed by the Swedish inventor John Ericsson . The Union was also building a large armored frigate , the USS New Ironsides , and the smaller USS Galena .
 Quiapo is referred as the " Old Downtown " where tiangges , markets , botique shops , music and electronics stores are common . C.M. Recto Avenue is where lots of department stores are located . One of Recto Avenue 's famous destination is Divisoria , home to numerous shopping malls in the city . It is also dubbed as the shopping mecca of the Philippines where everything is sold at bargain price . Binondo , the oldest Chinatown in the world , is the city 's center of commerce and trade for all types of businesses run by Filipino @-@ Chinese merchants with a wide variety of Chinese and Filipino shops and restaurants .
 Another species complex in Attalea includes A. speciosa and related species . Henderson ( 1995 ) recognised A. speciosa and A. spectabilis , considering the latter to either be an acaulescent form of A. speciosa or a hybrid between it and A. microcarpa . Govaerts and Dransfield accepted A. spectabilis , but Glassman considered it a dubious taxon . Attalea vitrivir was recognised as a distinct species by Michael Balick and coauthors ; Glassman and Govaerts and Dransfield concurred , but Henderson considered it part of A. speciosa . Glassman also described a fourth member of this group , A. brejinhoensis , and it is accepted by Govaerts and Dransfield .
 = = = Oxygen transfer = = =
 Kershaw 's pitching style relies on deception . He keeps the ball hidden so that it is hard for the batter to pick up the ball and has a consistent overhand delivery on all of his pitches . Out of the windup , Kershaw lowers his right foot vertically with a slight pause before moving it forward toward the plate . The motion was described during the 2015 National League Division Series as a " kickstand move " drawing comparison with one setting a kickstand on a bicycle . Out of the stretch , he uses a slide step as it makes it difficult for the base runner at first base to get a read on him . He has stated many times that he has modeled his pitching mechanics after his favorite pitcher growing up , Roger Clemens .
 The CCC pattern , with its large and quickly developing mass of thick cirrus clouds spreading out from an area of convection near a tropical cyclone center within a short time frame , indicates little development . When it develops , rainbands and cloud lines around the tropical cyclone weaken and the thick cloud shield obscures the circulation center . While it resembles a CDO pattern , it is rarely seen .
 Come What ( ever ) May is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Stone Sour . It was recorded and produced by the band and Nick Raskulinecz at Studio 606 in Los Angeles , California , and was released on August 1 , 2006 , through Roadrunner Records . Writing for the album began as early as 2003 when vocalist Corey Taylor and guitarist James Root were writing material for their other band , Slipknot . In January 2006 Stone Sour began recording the follow @-@ up to their 2002 debut album Stone Sour , during which time drummer Joel Ekman left the band due to family constraints . He was eventually replaced by ex @-@ Soulfly drummer Roy Mayorga who played on all but two tracks on the album .
 Ambassador Bishop had visited Central Command in August 1990 , where he worked with military experts to update the embassy 's E & E plan . The first notice that an evacuation of the Mogadishu embassy would be needed came on the morning of 1 January , when the top naval commander at Central Command sent a message to his naval operations staff : " Better have Amphib crowd take a look at a helo NEO of Mogadishu ! time / distance to get there from Masirah OP area . " Following the ambassador 's 2 January evacuation request , the commander of Central Command ordered Air Force aircraft to the region , the movement of amphibious ships to Mogadishu , and requested United States Special Operations Command to prepare for a noncombatant evacuation operation .
 At daylight on the morning of 4 September only two officers and approximately half the men who had assembled on the hill , were alive . As the day passed , with ammunition down to about one clip per man and only a few grenades left and no help in sight , McDoniel decided to abandon the position that night . When it got dark the survivors would split into small groups and try to get back to friendly lines . That evening after dark the North Koreans launched another weak attack against the position . At 22 : 00 , McDoniel and Caldwell and 27 enlisted men slipped off the hill in groups of four . Master Sergeant Travis E. Watkins , still alive in his paralyzed condition , refused efforts of evacuation , saying that he did not want to be a burden to those who had a chance to get away . He asked only that his carbine be loaded and placed on his chest with the muzzle under his chin . Like Oullette , he would also win the Medal of Honor for his actions . Of the 29 men who came off the hill the night of September 4 , 22 escaped to friendly lines , many of them following the Naktong downstream , hiding by day and traveling by night , until they reached the lines of the US 25th Infantry Division .
 The City @-@ class ironclad USS Cairo is currently on display in Vicksburg , Mississippi .
 On February 26 , 2010 , Butler traveled to Valparaiso for their regular season finale . Leading scorer Gordon Hayward was sidelined with lower back pain , but the team still won 74 – 69 . In so doing , Stevens broke the coaching record he had tied the prior week and Butler completed an 18 – 0 undefeated conference schedule . It was Butler 's first undefeated conference record since joining the Horizon League , and first since Joe Sexson led the 1978 team to a 6 – 0 record in the now defunct Indiana Collegiate Conference . Stevens earned his third straight regular @-@ season conference championship .
 = = Filmography = =
 The eye pattern utilizes the coldness of the cloud tops within the surrounding mass of thunderstorms and contrasts it with the temperature within the eye itself . The larger the temperature difference is , the stronger the tropical cyclone . Winds within tropical cyclones can also be estimated by tracking features within the CDO using rapid scan geostationary satellite imagery , whose pictures are taken minutes apart rather than every half @-@ hour .
 Fisherman 's , sometimes while delaying
 Head VI is an oil @-@ on @-@ canvas painting by the Irish @-@ born English figurative artist Francis Bacon , the last of six panels making up his " 1949 Head " series . It shows a bust view of a single figure , modeled on Diego Velázquez 's Portrait of Innocent X. Bacon applies forceful , expressive brush strokes , and places the figure within a glass cage structure , behind curtain @-@ like drapery . This gives the effect of a man trapped and suffocated by his surroundings , screaming into an airless void .
 = = Critical review = =
 Helen Badgley as the poor little girl
 IWGP Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time ) 1
 UFC Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )
 Independiente was first digitally released in some South American countries on 23 September 2011 as a special edition , dubbed the Cono Sur Edition . This version included a different mix of " Reconciliación " . On 30 September , the digital download for the standard edition of the album was released in several Latin American and European countries . On 4 October , the album was officially released as a digital download and compact disc in most of these same markets as well as North America ; an iTunes edition was released as a digital download on the iTunes music store . This version included an album @-@ only video , entitled " Independiente " . In Germany , the album was first available on the Kiwi label on 4 October and on 11 October through Warner Music . In Canada and Spain , the compact @-@ disc version of the album was available on 25 October .
 Despite his achievements and unprecedented feat as the Mayor of Manila , however , Estrada was re @-@ elected as Manila mayor in the 2016 election against Lim and Amado Bagatsing , only winning by an infinitesimal 2 @,@ 830 votes .
 = = = Tres Zapotes = = =
 In 1796 Washington appointed him as a commissioner representing the United States to handle maritime claims under the terms the Jay Treaty . As a result the Gores moved to England that year , establishing a residence in the fashionable Hyde Park area . The commission was established to arbitrate claims emanating from British seizures of American vessels and cargoes , and from British claims relating to violations of American neutrality in the ongoing French Revolutionary Wars . It consisted of three Americans ( Gore , William Pinkney , and John Trumbull ) and two British commissioners ( John Nicoll and Nicholas Astley ) ; Trumbull was chosen by the other four because he was deemed to sufficiently " fair @-@ minded " to cast deciding votes in the event of disagreements . That year he was also elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
 = The Hustler ( film ) =
 Dio Chrysostom ( c . 40 – 120 ) , a Greek philosopher and historian , wrote the Roman people were very happy with Nero and would have allowed him to rule indefinitely . They longed for his rule once he was gone and embraced imposters when they appeared :
 This peace deal of 63 was a considerable victory for Nero politically . Nero became very popular in the eastern provinces of Rome and with the Parthians as well . The peace between Parthia and Rome lasted 50 years until Emperor Trajan of Rome invaded Armenia in 114 .
 Mary Poppins ( musical ) ( London stage )
 From the perspective of the Earth , this crater lies along the southern limb of the Moon , making observation difficult . Detailed mapping of the polar regions and farside of the Moon did not occur until the advent of orbiting spacecraft . Shackleton lies entirely within the rim of the immense South Pole @-@ Aitken basin , which is one of the largest known impact formations in the Solar System . This basin is over 12 kilometers deep , and an exploration of its properties could provide useful information about the lunar interior .
 = = United States Senator = =
 = = = Healthcare = = =
 = = Season summary = =
 = = = = Final storylines and departure ( 2004 ) = = = =
 = = = Reinforcements = = =
 = = = Finance = = =
 Brock Edward Lesnar / ˈlɛznər / ( born July 12 , 1977 ) is an American Canadian professional wrestler , mixed martial artist , and former amateur wrestler and professional American football player . He is currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand . He is a four @-@ time WWE ( World Heavyweight ) Champion , a former UFC Heavyweight Champion , and an NCAA Division I Heavyweight Wrestling Champion . He is also a one @-@ time IWGP Heavyweight Champion , making him a five @-@ time world champion in professional wrestling . As of July 14 , 2016 , he is # 8 in official UFC heavyweight rankings .
 Fifth Column , Lieutenant General Freiherr von Maltitz , nine battalions of infantry .
 At least three Nero imposters emerged leading rebellions . The first , who sang and played the cithara or lyre and whose face was similar to that of the dead emperor , appeared in 69 during the reign of Vitellius . After persuading some to recognize him , he was captured and executed . Sometime during the reign of Titus ( 79 – 81 ) , another impostor appeared in Asia and sang to the accompaniment of the lyre and looked like Nero but he , too , was killed . Twenty years after Nero 's death , during the reign of Domitian , there was a third pretender . He was supported by the Parthians , who only reluctantly gave him up , and the matter almost came to war .
 When Nero 's wife Poppaea Sabina died in 65 , Nero went into deep mourning . Her body was not cremated , it was stuffed with spices , embalmed and put in the Mausoleum of Augustus . She was given a state funeral . Nero praised her during the funeral eulogy and gave her divine honors . It is said that Nero " burned ten years ' worth of Arabia 's incense production at her funeral .
 Journalist Zelda Cawthorne described Petrick as one of the " finest contemporary Aboriginal artists " . Art consultant Adrian Newstead has ranked her as amongst the country 's top 200 Indigenous artists , noting that she has become " known for innovative works that create a sense of visual harmony through fine variegated fields of immaculately applied dotting " . Her style is described by Indigenous art writers Birnberg and Kreczmanski as an " interesting , modern interpretation of landscape " .
 Ball remained involved throughout production ; he had signed a television show development deal , so had to get permission from his producers to take a year off to be close to American Beauty . Ball was on @-@ set for rewrites and to help interpret his script for all but two days of filming . His original bookend scenes — in which Ricky and Jane are prosecuted for Lester 's murder after being framed by Col. Fitts — were excised in post @-@ production ; the writer later felt the scenes were unnecessary , saying they were a reflection of his " anger and cynicism " at the time of writing ( see " Editing " ) . Ball and Mendes revised the script twice before it was sent to the actors , and twice more before the first read @-@ through .
 West Valley City , Utah . A replica of San Lorenzo Head 8 was placed in the Utah Cultural Celebration Center in May 2004 .
 On April 5 , 2010 , Butler and Duke faced off in what The New York Times called " the most eagerly awaited championship game in years " . Late in the first half , Duke went on an 8 – 0 run to take a 26 – 20 lead . Stevens called a timeout . With starters Matt Howard and Ronald Nored on the bench in foul trouble , Stevens was forced to call on backup center Avery Jukes who came up big for Butler . Jukes scored 10 first half points , tying his season high . At half time , Duke 's lead stood at 33 – 32 .
 The revival of ramming had a significant effect on naval tactics . Since the 17th century the predominant tactic of naval warfare had been the line of battle , where a fleet formed a long line to give it the best fire from its broadside guns . This tactic was totally unsuited to ramming , and the ram threw fleet tactics into disarray . The question of how an ironclad fleet should deploy in battle to make best use of the ram was never tested in battle , and if it had been , combat might have shown that rams could only be used against ships which were already stopped dead in the water .
 Satellite Images of Selected Tropical Storms and Associated T @-@ Number
 The earliest evidence of human life in and around the area of Manila is the nearby Angono Petroglyphs dated to around 3000 BC . Furthermore , negritos , a class of Australoid peoples , became the aboriginal inhabitants of the Philippines . They were found across Luzon before the Malayo @-@ Polynesians migrated in and assimilated them .
 One group of temnospondyls , the Branchiosauridae , is also known from larval specimens . Branchiosaurids like Branchiosaurus and Apateon are represented by many fossils preserving skin and external gills . An entire growth series is exhibited in the wide range of sizes among specimens , but the lack of terrestrially adapted adult forms suggests that these temnospondyls were neotenic . Unlike other temnospondyls , their postcranial skeletons developed quickly but were still partly cartilaginous when fully mature . Adults likely had an aquatic lifestyle similar to juveniles . Recently , large specimens of Apateon gracilis were described with adaptations toward a terrestrial lifestyle , indicating that not all branchiosaurs were neotenic .
 In his first season at Manchester United , Amos became a regular starter for the club 's Under @-@ 13 team , playing in 19 out of 27 matches in the 2001 – 02 season . Amos was named as an unused substitute for the Under @-@ 18 side for the first time on 8 January 2005 , for a league game against Manchester City . His first appearance for the Under @-@ 18s came exactly nine months later , on 8 October 2005 , coming on as a substitute for Danny Rose after starting goalkeeper Ron @-@ Robert Zieler was sent off in a 2 – 0 defeat to Bolton Wanderers . He was regularly named as an unused substitute during the 2005 – 06 season – including for two reserve team matches – but became a frequent starter for the Under @-@ 18s in 2006 – 07 after signing a trainee contract in July 2006 . However , he missed the final of the 2006 – 07 FA Youth Cup with a dislocated shoulder .
 Radar studies preceding and following the Lunar Prospector mission demonstrate that the inner walls of Shackleton are similar in reflective characteristics to those of some sunlit craters . In particular , the surroundings appear to contain a significant number of blocks in its ejecta blanket , suggesting that its radar properties are a result of surface roughness , and not ice deposits , as was previously suggested from a radar experiment involving the Clementine mission . This interpretation , however , is not universally agreed upon within the scientific community . Radar images of the crater at a wavelength of 13 cm show no evidence for water ice deposits .
 = = = Transfer to airborne role = = =
 The poem uses the combined image of fire and Pentecostal fire to emphasise the need for purification and purgation . According to the poet , humanity 's flawed understanding of life and turning away from God leads to a cycle of warfare , but this can be overcome by recognising the lessons of the past . Within the poem , the narrator meets a ghost that is a combination of various poets and literary figures . Little Gidding focuses on the unity of past , present , and future , and claims that understanding this unity is necessary for salvation .
 Sports Illustrated
 = = = Administration = = =
 A more practical and influential weapon was the self @-@ propelled or Whitehead torpedo . Invented in 1868 and deployed in the 1870s , the Whitehead torpedo formed part of the armament of ironclads of the 1880s like HMS Inflexible and the Italian Caio Duilio and Enrico Dandolo . The ironclad 's vulnerability to the torpedo was a key part of the critique of armored warships made by the Jeune Ecole school of naval thought ; it appeared that any ship armored enough to prevent destruction by gunfire would be slow enough to be easily caught by torpedo . In practice , however , the Jeune Ecole was only briefly influential and the torpedo formed part of the confusing mixture of weapons possessed by ironclads .
 At Dürenstein a combined force of Russian and Austrian troops trapped a French division commanded by Théodore Maxime Gazan . The French division was part of the newly created VIII Corps , the so @-@ called Corps Mortier , under command of Édouard Mortier . In pursuing the Austrian retreat from Bavaria , Mortier had over @-@ extended his three divisions along the north bank of the Danube . Mikhail Illarionovich Kutuzov , commander of the Coalition force , enticed Mortier to send Gazan 's division into a trap and French troops were caught in a valley between two Russian columns . They were rescued by the timely arrival of a second division , under command of Pierre Dupont de l 'Étang . The battle extended well into the night . Both sides claimed victory . The French lost more than a third of their participants , and Gazan 's division experienced over 40 percent losses . The Austrians and Russians also had heavy losses--close to 16 percent--but perhaps the most significant was the death in action of Johann Heinrich von Schmitt , one of Austria 's most capable chiefs of staff .
 For the French , the survival of the Corps Mortier seemed nothing short of a miracle . The remainder of Gazan 's division crossed the river the next morning and eventually recuperated in Vienna , which the French acquired by deception later in the month . More importantly for them , the French force had performed well over difficult terrain and under terrible combat conditions . Initially there had been some panic and parts of at least one French battalion had tried to escape on the flotilla craft . They had lost control of the boats in the current and smashed into the pillars of the burned bridge at Krems , overturning their boats . Tossed into the icy river , most had drowned . Despite this initial panic , Gazan 's column retained its cohesion , and responded well to various difficult demands . Dupont had demonstrated his tactical acumen : when he heard cannon fire , he directed his troops toward it to support the French division . In terms of French staffing , Mortier 's failure to guard his flank , especially in the face of Napoleon 's direct advice , adversely influenced his relationship with his commander . However , in the immediate weeks ahead , the flamboyant Murat did more to annoy Napoleon than Mortier had . In assessing the battle and its aftermath , historians have laid the blame and credit for its outcome not only on Mortier and Gazan : " Napoleon , aware of Mortier 's danger and his own culpability for it , vented his frustration on Murat , whom he unjustly accused of abandoning Mortier for the empty glory of riding through Vienna . "
 The Ise @-@ class ships had two sets of direct @-@ drive steam turbines , each of which drove two propeller shafts with 3 @.@ 429 @-@ metre ( 11 ft 3 in ) propellers . The high @-@ pressure turbines drove the wing shafts while the low @-@ pressure turbines drove the inner shafts . The turbines were designed to produce a total of 40 @,@ 000 or 45 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 30 @,@ 000 or 34 @,@ 000 kW ) ( Hyūga and Ise respectively ) , using steam provided by 24 Kampon Ro Gō water @-@ tube boilers at working pressures of 13 – 16 @.@ 9 kg / cm2 ( 1 @,@ 275 – 1 @,@ 657 kPa ; 185 – 240 psi ) . Both ships comfortably exceeded their designed speed of 23 knots ( 43 km / h ; 26 mph ) during their sea trials ; Ise reached 23 @.@ 6 knots ( 43 @.@ 7 km / h ; 27 @.@ 2 mph ) from 56 @,@ 498 shp ( 42 @,@ 131 kW ) and Hyūga exceeded that with 24 knots ( 44 km / h ; 28 mph ) from 63 @,@ 211 shp ( 47 @,@ 136 kW ) . Each of the boilers consumed a mixture of coal and oil and the ships had a stowage capacity of 4 @,@ 607 long tons ( 4 @,@ 681 t ) of coal and 1 @,@ 411 long tons ( 1 @,@ 434 t ) of fuel oil , which gave them a range of 9 @,@ 680 nautical miles ( 17 @,@ 930 km ; 11 @,@ 140 mi ) at a speed of 14 knots ( 26 km / h ; 16 mph ) . Ise and Hyūga had three generators of 150 kilowatts ( 200 hp ) capacity and two 250 @-@ kilowatt ( 340 hp ) turbo generators at 225 volts .
 = = = Minor Leagues = = =
 His great @-@ grandfather was Consul in 36 BC ( in replacement , and abdicated ) , and Governor of Asia in the same year . His grandfather became Consul Suffect in July of either 21 or 22 , and was known as a personal friend of Emperor Tiberius ( AD 14 – 37 ) , accompanying the emperor during his voluntary seclusion on Capri from 23 onwards , dying in 33 . Nerva 's father , finally , attained the consulship in 40 under emperor Caligula ( 37 – 41 ) . The Cocceii were connected with the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty through the marriage of Sergia Plautilla 's brother Octavius Laenas , and Rubellia Bassa , the great @-@ granddaughter of Tiberius .
 British conservative politician Oliver Stanley agreed to accept the evacuees in the United Kingdom , but he argued with Gibraltar over the number of people involved . The Governor , he declared , had given the number of evacuees first as 13 @,@ 000 , then as 14 @,@ 000 and finally as 16 @,@ 000 . He asked for the situation to be clarified , stressing the shortage of accommodation in Britain and insisting that only 13 @,@ 000 could be accepted , 2 @,@ 000 of whom were to be sent to the Portuguese Atlantic island of Madeira . The situation , replied General Liddell on 19 July , " is that this is a fortress liable to heavy and immediate attack and there should be no civilians here whereas there are 22 @,@ 000 . The 13 @,@ 000 was the number sent to Morocco , and more would have been sent had the situation there not altered . " In London the evacuees were placed in the hands of the Ministry of Health , and many were housed in Kensington area . Concern for them in Gibraltar mounted as the air raids against London intensified , coupled with the arrival of harrowing letters , describing the circumstances in which the evacuees were living .
 The Commonwealth War Graves Commission ( CWGC ) is an intergovernmental organisation of six independent member states whose principal function is to mark , record and maintain the graves and places of commemoration of Commonwealth of Nations military service members who died in the two World Wars . The Commission is also responsible for commemorating Commonwealth civilians who died as a result of enemy action during World War II . The Commission was founded by Fabian Ware and constituted through Royal Charter in 1917 named the Imperial War Graves Commission . The change to the present name took place in 1960 .
 = = = Sexuality and repression = = =
 The example of the ironclads had some bearing on the history of the tank , as ironclad warships became an inspiration for ideas of landships and other armored vehicles . H. G. Wells , in his short story The Land Ironclads , published in The Strand Magazine in December 1903 , described the use of large , armoured cross @-@ country vehicles , armed with cannon and machine guns , and equipped with pedrail wheels
 NY 3 was realigned c . 1932 to follow Saunders Settlement Road between Shawnee Road ( NY 425 ) and Upper Mountain Road . The former routing of NY 3 along Shawnee , Lower Mountain , Gothic Hill , and Upper Mountain roads was redesignated as NY 3A even though all of NY 3 's former routing was already part of either NY 425 or NY 93 . The NY 3A designation was eliminated c . 1935 when NY 3 was truncated eastward to a new western terminus in central New York . In the early 1940s , NY 93 was altered to follow North Ridge Road , U.S. Route 104 ( now NY 104 ) , and Junction Road between North Ridge and Lower Mountain Road .
 = = = Typhoon Lupit ( Yoyoy ) = = =
 Hugh Durham Award for Mid @-@ major Coach of the Year finalist ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 )
 George Forth as Jack Denbeigh
 Guinness World Records
 " The Beast ( Incarnate ) "
 The route was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . Although it began in Youngstown and ended in Newstead as it does today , the initial routing of NY 93 deviated from the modern path in the vicinity of the city of Lockport . From Cambria to Lockport 's eastern suburbs , the highway originally used NY 425 , Lower Mountain Road , Akron Road , and a series of streets in Lockport . NY 93 was moved onto NY 104 and Junction Road in Cambria in the 1940s , and altered to bypass Lockport to the south on a new highway and Robinson and Dysinger roads in 1991 . In 2006 , NY 93 was realigned west of Lockport to continue south on Junction Road to NY 31 . The change removed NY 93 from Upper Mountain Road , a county @-@ owned highway that had been part of the route since the 1930s .
 In the Philippines , Dujuan interacted with the monsoon to produce heavy rainfall , killing one person . While in the vicinity , Dujuan produced gusts of 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) on Yonaguni , a Japanese subdivision of Okinawa . Heavy rainfall in Taiwan reached 628 mm ( 24 @.@ 7 in ) in Pingtung County , and winds peaked at 176 km / h ( 109 mph ) on Orchid Island before the anemometer was destroyed . The caused about NT $ 200 ( NWD , $ 115 million USD ) in crop damage , and killed three people . Damage was minor in Hong Kong , and four fishermen were missing and presumed drowned after their boat sank . On the Chinese mainland , strong winds left 90 % of the city of Shenzen without power , and killed 16 construction workers due to a half @-@ finished building collapsing . Across Guangdong , the typhoon damaged crops and destroyed 54 @,@ 000 homes were destroyed . Overall damage in China was estimated at ¥ 2 @.@ 3 billion ( CNY , $ 277 million USD ) , and across Guangdong , the typhoon killed 40 people .
 On 25 February 1994 , the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with parts of other special forces units of the HV : Frankopan Battalion , Ban Jelačić Battalion , Matija Vlačić Battalion , Ferdo Sučić Battalion and part of 8th Light Assault Brigade forming the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade ( 1 @.@  hrvatski gardijski zdrug ) , a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps ( 1 @.@  hrvatski gardijski zbor ) , directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence rather than the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia .
 Ranked # 1 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2003
 Lesnar , representing Canada for the first time in his career , defeated Mark Hunt by unanimous decision ( 29 @-@ 27 ) , avoiding 19 of Hunt 's 30 attempted standing strikes , and taking him down four times to land 43 significant ground strikes , 32 in the final round . He also won a UFC @-@ record $ 2 @.@ 5 million purse .
 = = = = 2016 = = = =
 " The One in 21 – 1 / 22 @-@ 1 "
 = = = Typhoon Parma = = =
 On July 3 , 2013 , Stevens was signed as the head coach by the Boston Celtics . Reports state that his new contract is a six @-@ year , $ 22 million deal . In April 2015 , Stevens led the Celtics to the NBA Playoffs as the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference with a 40 – 42 record . On April 21 , 2015 , it was announced that Stevens finished fourth in voting for the NBA 's Coach of the Year Award . On March 1 , 2016 , Stevens was named the Eastern Conference Coach of the Month for games played during February . In April 2016 , Brad Stevens led the Celtics to their second consecutive playoff appearance under his tenure as the 5th seed in the 2016 NBA Playoffs finishing the season with a 48 – 34 record . On June 1 , 2016 , Stevens received a contract extension .
 The first battleships built for the renewed Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program were the two dreadnoughts of the Kawachi class , ordered in 1907 and laid down in 1908 . In 1910 , the Navy put forward a request to the Diet ( parliament ) to secure funding for the entirety of the program at once . Because of economic constraints , only four battlecruisers and a single battleship of the Fusō class were ultimately approved by the Diet . Three more Fusō @-@ class ships ( Yamashiro , Ise , and Hyūga ) were approved and all three were ordered in April 1913 . While Yamashiro was laid down later that year , the IJN lacked the funding to proceed with the construction of Ise and Hyūga until the Diet authorized additional funding for the ships in July 1914 .
 In September 2005 , lead singer Corey Taylor announced that Stone Sour would return with a second album . He said that they had written over 30 songs , some during the writing process of Vol . 3 : ( The Subliminal Verses ) , the third album by vocalist Taylor and guitarist James Root 's other band Slipknot , and that they were working on demoing the tracks before entering the studio . Dave Fortman was originally slated to produce the album , however , on January 22 , 2006 Stone Sour began working on the album with producer Nick Raskulinecz at Dave Grohl 's personal studio ( Studio 606 ) , in Los Angeles . Time in the studio began with a week of pre @-@ production , during which guitarist Josh Rand says producer Raskulinecz " pushed [ the band ] to the brink and back " to help fine @-@ tune the songs they had previously written . Though Rand and Taylor wrote most of the music and lyrics for the first album , respectively , writing for Come What ( ever ) May was done by all members .
 The military history of Gibraltar during World War II exemplifies Gibraltar 's position as a British fortress since the early 18th century and as a vital factor in British military strategy , both as a foothold on the continent of Europe , and as a bastion of British sea power . During World War II , Gibraltar served a vital role in both the Atlantic Theatre and the Mediterranean Theatre , controlling virtually all naval traffic into and out of the Mediterranean Sea from the Atlantic Ocean .
 Tanjung Batu beach ( Temasya beach ) is located 3 km ( 1 @.@ 9 mi ) from the town centre . Meanwhile , Taman Tumbina ( Tumbina Park ) is located 4 km ( 2 @.@ 5 mi ) from the town centre . The park has a hornbill aviary , a butterfly garden , and a mini @-@ zoo .
 = = = Named head coach = = =
 α @-@ Hydroxylation with oxaziridines has been widely implemented in total synthesis . It is a key step in both the Holton Taxol total synthesis and the Wender Taxol total synthesis . Additionally , Forsyth implemented the transformation in his synthesis of the C3 @-@ C14 ( Substituted 1 @,@ 7 @-@ Dioxaspiro [ 5 @.@ 5 ] undec @-@ 3 @-@ ene ) System of Okadaic acid .
 Gore remained active in the administration of Harvard , and was active in a number of organizations , including the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Massachusetts Historical Society ( whose president he was from 1806 to 1818 ) . He was also elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1814 . Gore spent most of his later years at his country estate in Waltham , suffering from worsening rheumatoid arthritis that made walking increasingly difficult . His declining health and lack of social scene in Waltham led him in 1822 to return to Boston in the winters . He died on March 1 , 1827 in Boston and is buried in its Granary Burying Ground .
 On September 5 , former Hurricane Jimena crossed the International Date Line into the basin . By that time , the circulation was largely exposed from the convection , and the center quickly dissipated . Later in the month , the monsoon trough spawned a disturbance east of the Philippines that PAGASA classified as Tropical Depression Quiel on September 15 . The system moved westward but never intensified , dissipating west of Luzon on September 19 . The broad system also spawned Typhoon Choi @-@ wan .
 Veronica is called into a room in the library by Jenny ’ s group , who try to bribe her into not turning them in to the Hearst police . However , she denies and records their conversation as further proof . They are hiding a third ID machine , and Veronica tells Weevil to go and find it . Dick shows Logan a sex tape of Piz and Veronica that has been circulating in an email . Because Logan thinks Piz posted the tape , he attacks Piz and hits him incessantly . Weevil does have a student ID machine , and Logan walks into Mars Investigations with Piz ’ s blood on him .
 With his death , the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty ended . The Senate , when news of his death reached Rome , posthumously declared Nero a public enemy to appease the coming Galba ( as the Senate had initially declared Galba as a public enemy ) and proclaimed Galba the new emperor . Chaos would ensue in the year of the Four Emperors .
 = = = Typhoon Choi @-@ wan ( Roskas ) = = =
 The aircraft climbed normally from the runway , levelled off to gather speed but then suddenly lost height and crashed into the harbour . The 62 @-@ year @-@ old general died , along with 15 others . The sole survivor was the Czech @-@ born pilot , Eduard Prchal , who was rescued by an RAF launch . The bodies of five passengers and crew , including Sikorski 's daughter , were never found .
 In response to the threat of invasion at Port Moresby , Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons moved to Bowen , Queensland , on 7 May 1942 . They were soon attacking Japanese targets in Lae , Salamaua and Rabaul . On 27 June , each squadron contributed an aircraft to a four @-@ hour raid over Lae and Salamaua during which , as well as bombs , the RAAF crews dropped beer bottles to disrupt the enemy soldiers ' sleep — the sound they made falling through the air was , according to the official history , " something between a shrill whistle and a scream " . By 1 July , No. 20 Squadron 's strength was six Catalinas and 175 personnel , out of a planned establishment of nine aircraft and 415 personnel . Its prime responsibility in early 1942 was maritime reconnaissance as far as New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , and New Caledonia ; the latter half of the year saw a greater focus on night bombing . Now comprising 252 officers and men , the squadron relocated to Cairns on 11 November 1942 . From Cairns it continued to conduct reconnaissance , anti @-@ submarine and occasional bombing operations over the waters around New Guinea . Between December 1942 and March 1943 , No. 20 Squadron 's aircraft flew a total of 9 @,@ 629 hours and dropped 227 tons of bombs . The squadron 's role changed in June 1943 when it commenced mine @-@ laying operations over the Netherlands East Indies and the Philippines , though it continued to make some bombing raids and supply drops .
 Manila is composed of fourteen districts according to Republic Act No. 409 , otherwise known as the Revised Charter of the City of Manila . Two were later added , which are Santa Mesa ( partitioned off from Sampaloc ) and San Andres ( partitioned off from Santa Ana ) .
 The new United States Navy Zumwalt @-@ class guided missile destroyer has been described as bearing resemblance to ironclads .
 In the meantime , Task Force Manchu was still holding its position along the Naktong River , about 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) north of where A Company had been destroyed on the southern end of the line . The perimeter position taken by the men of D and H Companies , 9th Infantry , who had started up the hill before the North Koreans struck , was on a southern knob of Hill 209 , 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 80 km ) south of B Company 's higher position . In addition to the D and H Company men , there were a few from the Heavy Mortar Platoon and one or two from B Company . Altogether , 60 to 70 men were in the group . The group had an SCR @-@ 300 radio , a heavy machine gun , two light machine gun , a M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle , about 20 M1 Garand rifles , and about 40 carbines or pistols . Schmitt assumed command of the group .
 The discovery of a colossal head at Tres Zapotes in the nineteenth century spurred the first archaeological investigations of Olmec culture by Matthew Stirling in 1938 . Seventeen confirmed examples are known from four sites within the Olmec heartland on the Gulf Coast of Mexico . Most colossal heads were sculpted from spherical boulders but two from San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán were re @-@ carved from massive stone thrones . An additional monument , at Takalik Abaj in Guatemala , is a throne that may have been carved from a colossal head . This is the only known example from outside the Olmec heartland .
 On 18 September , 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy organised by court officials . The Fasti Ostienses , the Ostian Calendar , records that the same day the Senate proclaimed Marcus Cocceius Nerva emperor . Despite his political experience , this was a remarkable choice . Nerva was old and childless , and had spent much of his career out of the public light , prompting both ancient and modern authors to speculate on his involvement in Domitian 's assassination .
 A characteristic feature of Imagism is its attempt to isolate a single image to reveal its essence . This feature mirrors contemporary developments in avant @-@ garde art , especially Cubism . Although Imagism isolates objects through the use of what Ezra Pound called " luminous details " , Pound 's Ideogrammic Method of juxtaposing concrete instances to express an abstraction is similar to Cubism 's manner of synthesizing multiple perspectives into a single image .
 Rizal Park , also known as Luneta Park , is the national park of the country and has an area of 58 hectares ( 140 acres ) , making it the largest urban park in Asia . In the Tourism Act of 2009 , Rizal Park along with Intramuros are designated as flagship destination to become a tourism enterprise zone . A new attraction called Paseo de Manila is expected to rise in the park . The park was constructed as an honor and dedication to the country 's national hero José Rizal , who was executed by the Spaniards on charges of subversion . The flagpole west of the Rizal Monument is the Kilometer Zero marker for distances to the rest of the country .
 The episode was nominated for the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation ( Short Form ) , alongside " Asylum of the Daleks " and " The Angels Take Manhattan " , but lost to the Game of Thrones episode " Blackwater " .
 = = Release history = =
 SM UB @-@ 1 ( became the Austro @-@ Hungarian U @-@ 10 , July 1915 )
 Around the same time that NY 93 was rerouted , NY 270 was also extended northward along Junction Road from NY 31 to US 104 . As a result , NY 93 overlapped NY 270 between Lower Mountain Road and US 104 . The overlap with NY 270 remained in place until c . 1963 when NY 270 was truncated southward to the intersection of Lower Mountain and Junction roads . NY 93 was realigned in the late 1970s to bypass Lower Mountain and Gothic Hill Roads on Junction and Upper Mountain roads , replacing NY 270 along Junction Road . The Lower Mountain Road portion of NY 93 's former routing is now maintained by Niagara County as County Route 902 ( CR 902 ) .
 = = = = 2013 season : 2nd Cy Young Award = = = =
 = = = Rearrangements = = =
 = = = Embassy during the day = = =
 Unfortunately , much of Manila 's prewar and Spanish colonial architecture was destroyed during World War II . Reconstruction took place afterwards , replacing the destroyed historic Spanish @-@ era buildings with modern ones , erasing much of the city 's character . Some buildings destroyed by the war have been reconstructed , such as the Old Legislative Building ( National Museum ) , Ayuntamiento de Manila ( Bureau of the Treasury ) and the currently under construction San Ignacio Church ( Museo de Intramuros ) . Plans have been laid out to rehabilitate several neglected historic buildings and places such as Plaza Del Carmen , San Sebastian Church and the Manila Metropolitan Theater and soon Spanish @-@ era shops and houses in Quiapo , Binondo , and San Nicolas will be restored to its former splendor , as a part of a movement to restore Manila to its former glory .
 = Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down =
 Kershaw made a cameo appearance in " Prince " , a Season 3 episode of New Girl which originally aired following FOX 's telecast of Super Bowl XLVIII .
 = = Battlefield commemorations = =
 In 62 , Nero 's adviser , Burrus , died . Additionally , Seneca was again faced with embezzlement charges . Seneca asked Nero for permission to retire from public affairs . Nero divorced and banished Octavia on grounds of infertility , leaving him free to marry the pregnant Poppaea . After public protests , Nero was forced to allow Octavia to return from exile , but she was executed shortly after her return .
 Total : fifty @-@ eight battalions , sixty @-@ two squadrons , fourteen artillery batteries , approximately 24 @,@ 000 men and 168 guns .
 Narnia web links , International links ' , International links from Narnia.it web site
 Kershaw won his first major league game against the Washington Nationals on July 27 , 2008 . He pitched six @-@ plus shutout innings , allowing four hits , a walk , and he struck out five . Kershaw finished his rookie season 5 – 5 , with a 4 @.@ 26 ERA in 22 games ( 21 starts ) . He also pitched two innings out of the bullpen for the Dodgers in the 2008 National League Championship Series ( NLCS ) against the Philadelphia Phillies .
 NY 31B began at an intersection with its parent route , NY 31 , in the Cayuga County village of Weedsport . The highway went eastward , intersecting with NY 34 less than 0 @.@ 1 miles ( 0 @.@ 2 km ) later . Much of Weedsport was urbanized , with the highway passing residential homes and businesses as it progressed eastward through the village . The highway intersected with CR 12B before leaving Weedsport and entering the town of Brutus as Brutus Road .
 Brock Lock ( Over @-@ the @-@ shoulder single leg Boston crab ) – 2002 – 2004
 In May 1951 , he announced he was retiring from professional football to become sports director at a radio station in Buffalo . He was hired as a sportscaster by WBEN ( now known as WIVB ) , which had just started the first television station in Buffalo and the only one serving Southern Ontario . This was an early foray into television by the Buffalo Evening News . In the 1950s , Rifenburg hosted a popular panel show called " Let 's Talk Sports " in Buffalo and also pioneered an early morning exercise program . He also worked for WBEN ( AM ) and WBEN ( FM ) and as the sideline announcer for Buffalo Bills games along with Van Miller , the long time Bills play @-@ by @-@ play announcer . In addition , he served as the play @-@ by @-@ play announcer for the University of Buffalo Bulls football team . As a radio broadcaster , he is remembered for things ranging from ski reports , to 17 years worth of " Breakfast At — " programs live from various local restaurants , to 27 years as the WBEN @-@ AM All Night Show host .
 As the morning passed , General Walker decided that the situation was most critical in the Naktong Bulge area of the US 2nd Division sector . There the North Koreans threatened Miryang and with it the entire Eighth Army position . At 11 : 00 Walker ordered US Marine Corps Brigadier General Edward A. Craig , commanding the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade , to prepare the marines to move at once . The marines made ready to depart for the Naktong Bulge at 13 : 30 .
 Four different types of male flowers exist . On the basis of these flower types , the genus has often been split into four genera — a more narrowly defined Attalea , Orbignya , Maximiliana and Scheelea . The species sometimes referred to Orbignya have coiled anthers , while the other groups have straight ones . The petals of those placed in Maximiliana are much shorter than the stamens , while those placed in Scheelea and a more narrowly defined Attalea have petals that are longer than the stamens . Five species do not fit easily into any of these groups ; this fact has been used as an argument in favour of considering this group a single genus .
 Like other American films of 1999 — such as Fight Club , Bringing Out the Dead , and Magnolia , American Beauty instructs its audience to " [ lead ] more meaningful lives " . The film argues the case against conformity , but does not deny that people need and want it ; even the gay characters just want to fit in . Jim and Jim , the Burnhams ' other neighbors , are a satire of " gay bourgeois coupledom " , who " [ invest ] in the numbing sameness " that the film criticizes in heterosexual couples . The feminist academic and author Sally R. Munt argues that American Beauty uses its " art house " trappings to direct its message of nonconformity primarily to the middle classes , and that this approach is a " cliché of bourgeois preoccupation ; [ ... ] the underlying premise being that the luxury of finding an individual ' self ' through denial and renunciation is always open to those wealthy enough to choose , and sly enough to present themselves sympathetically as a rebel . "
 = = Poisoning accusations = =
 = = = = Water and electricity = = = =
 SM U @-@ 10 ( the former German UB @-@ 1 )
 Armed looters were observed entering the embassy compound as the final wave departed . The doors of the chancery — the main building of the embassy — were reportedly blown open by RPGs within two hours of the embassy 's evacuation . Somali employees of the embassy — known as foreign service nationals ( FSNs ) — could not be evacuated . Ambassador Bishop tried unsuccessfully to have these employees airlifted to safer parts of Somalia . Many of the FSNs had sought refuge in the embassy with their families and about 30 were hired as guards and protected the embassy throughout the ordeal . Local banks had been closed for some time and the embassy was unable to pay the FSNs . The Ambassador left the FSNs with keys to the commissary and warehouse on the embassy compound and they were permitted to take anything they needed .
 From 1803 @-@ 06 the Third Coalition fought the First French Empire and its client states ( see table at right ) . Although several naval battles determined control of the seas , the outcome of the war was decided on the continent , predominantly in two major land operations in the Danube valley : the Ulm campaign in the upper Danube and the Vienna campaign , in the middle Danube valley .
 After defeating Dracula , Donald receives a more complete map . In India , Donald enters the palace of the Maharajah , where she challenges him to defeat the tiger in her garden in exchange for a Sphinx Tear . Donald succeeds and receives the Sphinx Tear , which is the key to open a temple in Egypt . Donald is able to solve the " Riddle of the Sphinx " using the note Goofy had given him , and obtains the Scepter of Ra before escaping in a mine cart . From there , he journeys to the South Pole , where he finds a key frozen in ice , and uses the Scepter of Ra to melt the ice and grab the key . The key unlocks the hold of a Viking ship , which contains an ancient diary with the secret to locating the treasure . The ship is haunted by ghosts , and the Viking captain sends Donald below decks to get rid of them . After defeating a skeletal Viking warrior , Donald returns to the deck , where the captain informs him that the diary is hidden in ice near the South Pole , and gives him an " ancient Viking plunger " that attaches to flying creatures . Donald then returns to the South Pole , hitching a ride on one of Pete 's bird minions to reach the diary .
 The October 1 , 2012 cover of Mad Magazine satirized the problems with the September release of Apple Inc . ' s iOS 6 mobile operating system which included Apple Maps , a replacement for Google Maps . The work presents what View of the World might look like if one had relied upon the September 2012 version of Apple Maps to locate various landmarks .
 Support for the IRA increased further after Bloody Sunday in January 1972 , when thirteen unarmed men and boys were shot dead by the British Army 's Parachute Regiment at a march in the Bogside ( a 14th man was wounded and died 4 ½ months later ) . The support began to wane after the killing by the Official IRA of a local youth who was home on leave from the British Army . After a Provisional IRA ceasefire , during which it entered talks with the British government , broke down , the British took the decision to move against the " no @-@ go " areas . Free Derry came to an end on 31 July 1972 , when thousands of British troops moved in with armoured cars and bulldozers to occupy the area .
 San Lorenzo Colossal Head 10 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 89 ) has been moved to the Museo Comunitario de San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán near Texistepec . It stands 1 @.@ 8 metres ( 5 @.@ 9 ft ) tall and measures 1 @.@ 43 metres ( 4 @.@ 7 ft ) wide by 0 @.@ 92 metres ( 3 @.@ 0 ft ) deep ; it weighs 8 tons . The head was discovered by a magnetometer survey in 1994 ; it was found buried , lying face upwards in the bottom of a ravine and was excavated by Ann Cyphers . The headdress is formed of 92 circular beads that completely cover the upper part of the head and descend across the sides and back . Above the forehead is a large element forming a three @-@ toed foot with long nails , possibly the foot of a bird . The head wears large earspools that protrude beyond the beads of the headdress . The spools have the form of a rounded square with a circular sunken central portion . The face is that of a mature man with the mouth closed , sagging cheeks and lines under the eyes . The mouth is sensitively carved and the head possesses a pronounced chin .
 Variety in texture , height and timing of floral display were equally important horticultural considerations . The beds around each headstone are planted with a mixture of floribunda roses and herbaceous perennials . Low @-@ growing plants are chosen for areas immediately in front of headstones , ensuring that inscriptions are not obscured and preventing soil from splashing back during rain . In cemeteries where there are pedestal grave markers , dwarf varieties of plants are used instead .
 = = = Humanitarian work = = =
 During the Kan 'ei era of the Edo period ( 1624 – 1643 ) , Shào Chuán ( 邵傳 ) of the Ming Dynasty 's Collective Commentary on Du Fu 's Lǜshi ( 杜律集解 , Toritsu Shikkai ) was imported into Japan , and it gained explosive popularity in Confucian scholars and chōnin ( townspeople ) class . The commentary established Du Fu 's fame as the highest of all poets ; for instance , Hayashi Shunsai , a notable Confucian scholar , commented in Vol . 37 of Gahō Bunshū that Zǐměi [ Du Fu ] was the very best poet in history and praised Shào Chuán 's commentary for its simplicity and readability , while he criticized old commentaries during the Yuan Dynasty were too unfathomable . Matsuo Bashō , the greatest haiku poet , was also strongly influenced by Du Fu ; in Oku no Hosomichi , his masterpiece , he cites the first two lines of A Spring View ( 春望 ) before a haiku as its introduction and also many of his other haiku have similar wording and themes . It is said that when he died in Osaka during a long travel , a copy of Du Fu 's poetry was found with him as one of a few precious items which he was able to carry around .
 Another popular sport in the city are cue sports , and billiard halls are a feature in most barangays . The 2010 World Cup of Pool was held at Robinsons Place Manila .
 On December 4 , 2010 , Kershaw married his girlfriend of seven years , Ellen Melson . On January 23 , 2015 , Ellen gave birth to the couple 's first child , daughter Cali Ann . He is a Methodist with strong religious faith .
 Attalea has been placed in the subfamily Arecoideae , the tribe Cocoseae and the subtribe Attaleinae , together with the genera Allagoptera , Beccariophoenix , Butia , Cocos , Jubaea , Jubaeopsis , Lytocaryum , Parajubaea , Syagrus and Voanioala . Within this subtribe , Attalea has been found to be a monophyletic group , and sister to the clade containing Allagoptera , Polyandrococos , Parajubaea , Butia and Jubaea .
 The Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant ( SSBP ) , formerly known as Bintulu Crude Oil Terminal ( BCOT ) , was established in 1979 . It consists of three crude oil storage tanks , each with a capacity of 410 @,@ 000 barrels . It has three major areas of operation : Crude Oil Operations , Condensate Stabilisation , and Gas Sales Facilities . Royal Dutch Shell started to establish the world 's first Shell Middle Distillate Synthesis plant ( Shell MDS ) in 1993 . It is also known as Bintulu Gas @-@ To @-@ Liquid plant ( Bintulu GTL ) . The plant has a production capacity of 14 @,@ 770 barrels per day with a total investment of over US $ 1 billion as of the year 2010 . The plant is staffed with 380 people , of whom 93 % are Malaysians , with 80 % of the staff coming from Sarawak .
 Wrestling Observer Newsletter
 = = Track listing = =
 AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Thrills - Nominated
 = = = Functional structure = = =
 Austrian Infantry Brigade , Major General Johann Nepomuk von Nostitz @-@ Rieneck , four battalions of Border Infantry , including the highly decorated 9th Regiment Peterwardeiner .
 On Tuesday , 24 September , the Italian Stefani news agency reported : " As a reprisal for the bombardment of Dakar yesterday morning , one @-@ hundred @-@ and @-@ twenty French aircraft based in Morocco attacked Gibraltar . " On the same day , the United Press Agency reported : " The French government has issued an official denial of reports , according to which French aircraft were said to have attacked Gibraltar . Up until now , no reprisals have been undertaken . " But the United Press report ended on an ominous note with : " French reprisals are imminent . "
 Victor / Victoria ( Broadway )
 On April 29 , 2006 , after the final match of the K @-@ 1 World Grand Prix 2006 in Las Vegas , Lesnar announced his intent to join K @-@ 1 's mixed martial arts league , Hero 's . He trained with Minnesota Martial Arts Academy under Greg Nelson and Minnesota Assistant Head wrestling coach Marty Morgan . Lesnar announced on August 12 in Las Vegas that he had signed a deal with the K @-@ 1 promotion . His first fight was scheduled against Choi Hong @-@ man of Korea on June 2 , 2007 , at the K @-@ 1 Dynamite ! ! USA show . However , prior to the match , Hong @-@ Man was replaced by Min Soo Kim . Lesnar submitted Soo Kim with strikes in 1 : 09 of the first round to win his first official MMA match .
 = = = Video games = = =
 The most basal group of temnospondyls is the superfamily Edopoidea . Edopoids have several primitive or plesiomorphic features , including a single occipital condyle and a bone called the intertemporal that is absent in other temnospondyls . Edopoids include the Late Carboniferous genus Edops and the family Cochleosauridae . Dendrerpetontidae has also been included in Edopoidea , and is the oldest known temnospondyl family . Balanerpeton woodi is the oldest species , having been present over 330 million years ago during the Viséan stage of the Early Carboniferous . Recent analyses place Dendrerpetontidae outside Edopoidea in a more derived position . Other primitive temnospondyls include Capetus and Iberospondylus . Saharastega and Nigerpeton , both described in 2005 from Niger , are also primitive yet come from the Late Permian . They are almost 40 million years younger than other basal temnospondyls , implying a long ghost lineage of species that are not yet known in the fossil record .
 Gore 's financial speculations in the late 1780s significantly multiplied his wealth . In 1788 he and Andrew Craigie , a Boston businessman who had retained Gore for legal services , entered into a secret agreement to purchase Continental securities with a face value of $ 100 @,@ 000 in a speculative bid that their value would rise . By late October of that year , the pair had met this goal : Gore had purchased $ 90 @,@ 000 worth of paper for about $ 20 @,@ 000 , and encouraged Craigie to purchase more than the $ 11 @,@ 000 he had acquired if his funding would allow for it . Gore also purchased Massachusetts war @-@ related debts , and lobbied Massachusetts Congressmen for the U.S. government to assume those as well .
 Rural – urban migration is significant in Bintulu because of greater job availability in the town . Since 2007 , new residents have started several squatter areas in Bintulu due to inability to find affordable housing , around Kidurong Industrial estate and Sungai Sebatang . To address the issue , several low @-@ cost housing projects were initiated by BDA and Sarawak state government to relocate the squatters . The state government planned to achieve zero squatters status by the year 2020 . Bintulu also saw the rise in the number of residential and commercial properties such as double @-@ storeyed terraced houses , terraced shopoffices , Kidurong Commercial Centre , and Time Square Shopping Mall . Residential properties has shown a 20 % price increase from 2011 to 2013 .
 Monk 's court soon became a gathering place , where Zionsville kids and kids from the surrounding areas would hold pickup games . These games helped develop Stevens ' competitive streak . Besides playing basketball , the young Stevens also enjoyed solving puzzles , a skill he later applied to analyzing opposing teams to find their weaknesses .
 A number of design faults of the Tetrarch were revealed through its operational use . Its size limited the possible crew to three , a driver in the hull and a gunner and commander in the turret , resulting in too few crew members to operate the Tetrarch effectively . The gunner or commander , in addition to his own duties , had to act as loader for the 2 pounder , which caused delays in combat . A report on the tank written in January 1941 stated that as the commander had to both fight and control the tank , controlling a troop of Tetrarchs during combat would be almost impossible .
 Well @-@ known poets of the Edwardian era of the 1890s , such as Alfred Austin , Stephen Phillips , and William Watson , had been working very much in the shadow of Tennyson , producing weak imitations of the poetry of the Victorian era . They continued to work in this vein into the early years of the 20th century . As the new century opened , Austin was still the serving British Poet Laureate , a post which he held up to 1913 . In the century 's first decade , poetry still had a large audience ; volumes of verse published in that time included Thomas Hardy 's The Dynasts , Christina Rossetti 's posthumous Poetical Works , Ernest Dowson 's Poems , George Meredith 's Last Poems , Robert Service 's Ballads of a Cheechako and John Masefield 's Ballads and Poems . Future Nobel Prize winner William Butler Yeats was devoting much of his energy to the Abbey Theatre and writing for the stage , producing relatively little lyric poetry during this period . In 1907 , the Nobel Prize for Literature was awarded to Rudyard Kipling .
 = = Plans , mobilization , and escalating violence = =
 The complete , recovered wooden hull of the CSS Neuse , a casemate ram ironclad , is on view in Kinston , North Carolina , and , in another part of town on the Neuse River , the recreated ship , named CSS Neuse II , is nearly built and can be visited .
 In the early 1990s conflict between feminist and traditional members led to the latter leaving Beth Israel , and forming the Orthodox Congregation Ahavas Torah . Beth Israel came under attack from neo @-@ Nazi members of the Volksfront twice , in 1994 and again in 2002 . In both cases the perpetrators were caught and convicted .
 The city is a major center for commerce , banking and finance , retailing , transportation , tourism , real estate , new media as well as traditional media , advertising , legal services , accountancy , insurance , theater , fashion , and the arts in the Philippines .
 The Commission is currently responsible for the continued commemoration of 1 @.@ 7 million deceased Commonwealth military service members in 153 countries and approximately 67 @,@ 000 civilians who died as a result of enemy action during World War II . Commonwealth military service members are commemorated by name on either a headstone , at an identified site of a burial , or on a memorial . As a result , the Commission is currently responsible for the care of war dead at over 23 @,@ 000 separate burial sites and maintenance of more than 200 memorials worldwide . The vast majority of burial sites are pre @-@ existing communal or municipal cemeteries and parish churchyards located in the United Kingdom , however the Commission has itself constructed approximately 2 @,@ 500 war cemeteries worldwide . The Commission has also constructed or commissioned memorials to commemorate the dead who have no known grave ; the largest of these is the Thiepval Memorial .
 Superfamily Mastodonsauroidea ( Capitosauroidea )
 Order Temnospondyli
 = = Themes and analysis = =
 In Martin and St. Lucie counties , the storm was considered among the worst on record . The storm leveled some homes and swept many others off their foundations . At Stuart , winds removed or badly damaged 75 % of the roofs in town . The storm destroyed the third floor of the building that housed a bowling alley and the Stuart News , a local newspaper . At Olympia , an abandoned settlement also known as Olympia Beach , strong winds leveled the old Olympia Inn , a gas station , and the second floor of a pharmaceutical building . Winds also tore the roof off an ice plant . A bridge leading to the barrier island from Olympia was partly wrecked ; the bridge tender survived by gripping the railing during the storm . Winds leveled his nearby home . According to the Monthly Weather Review , some of the most severe damage from the storm in Florida was at Olympia . The storm left many homes in Hobe Sound uninhabitable , forcing crews to tear them down . Winter estates on the island , however , were better built and little damaged . While Stuart and Hobe Sound sustained significant damage , Port Salerno suffered minimally . In Stuart , the storm left 400 to 500 people homeless , up to nearly 10 % of the population , which was 5 @,@ 100 at the time . Between Jupiter and Fort Pierce , the storm knocked down power and telegraph lines . In the latter city , high waves washed out a portion of the causeway . In the 1980s , an elderly resident recalled that the storm was the most severe on record in Fort Pierce .
 Kershaw and his wife , Ellen , co @-@ authored a book named Arise : Live Out Your Faith and Dreams on Whatever Field You Find Yourself about their Christian faith and their humanitarian efforts . The book was released on January 10 , 2012 through Regal Press .
 The song became One Direction 's fourth top @-@ forty hit on the Canadian Hot 100 , peaking at number 30 . The single bowed at number 13 on the Australian Singles Chart on 27 January 2013 , marking its peak position and the group 's fourth top twenty hit in Australia . The song has been certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for shipments of 70 @,@ 000 copies . The track entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 17 on 11 January 2013 . It peaked at number 13 in its third and fourth charting weeks , becominh the group 's sixth top @-@ forty appearance in New Zealand . " Kiss You " has received a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) , indicating sales of 7 @,@ 500 copies . The track also reached the top 40 in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , the Netherlands , and South Korea . In addition , " Kiss You " received gold certifications from the IFPI Norway and Denmark associations , signifying collective shipments of 20 @,@ 000 units .
 The boulders were transported over 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) from the source of the stone . The exact method of transportation of such large masses of rock are unknown , especially since the Olmecs lacked beasts of burden and functional wheels , and they were likely to have used water transport whenever possible . Coastal currents of the Gulf of Mexico and in river estuaries might have made the waterborne transport of monuments weighing 20 tons or more impractical . Two badly damaged Olmec sculptures depict rectangular stone blocks bound with ropes . A largely destroyed human figure rides upon each block , with their legs hanging over the side . These sculptures may well depict Olmec rulers overseeing the transport of the stone that would be fashioned into their monuments . When transport over land was necessary , the Olmecs are likely to have used causeways , ramps and roads to facilitate moving the heads . The regional terrain offers significant obstacles such as swamps and floodplains ; avoiding these would have necessitated crossing undulating hill country . The construction of temporary causeways using the suitable and plentiful floodplain soils would have allowed a direct route across the floodplains to the San Lorenzo Plateau . Earth structures such as mounds , platforms and causeways upon the plateau demonstrate that the Olmec possessed the necessary knowledge and could commit the resources to build large @-@ scale earthworks .
 The discovery of remains of First and Second World War casualties remains a common occurrence with approximately 30 bodies discovered annually . For example , in 2006 eight bodies of Canadian soldiers from the 78th Battalion ( Winnipeg Grenadiers ) , CEF were discovered in a backyard in Hallu , France . In April 2013 , the remains of four British soldiers discovered by a French farmer clearing land with metal detector in 2009 were re @-@ interred at H.A.C. Cemetery near Arras , France . In March 2014 , the remains of 20 Commonwealth and 30 German soldiers were discovered in Vendin @-@ le @-@ Vieil , France with the Commonwealth soldiers being subsequently reburied at Loos British Cemetery .
 = = Background = =
 Tropical Storm Linfa developed as a tropical depression just off the western coast of Luzon on May 25 . The disturbance quickly intensified to reach tropical storm intensity a few hours after cyclogenesis . However , intensification leveled off as Linfa executed a small clockwise loop before a subsequent landfall on Luzon on May 27 . Due to land interaction the storm temporarily weakened and decoupled before reforming in the Philippine Sea . Afterwards Linfa began reintensifying and reached its peak intensity on May 29 with maximum sustained winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) and a barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 94 inHg ) . Following its peak the tropical storm began to deteriorate and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on May 30 ; these extratropical remnants continued to track northward through Japan before dissipating in the Sea of Okhotsk on June 4 .
 Pro Wrestling Illustrated
 = = Equestrian = =
 = = = Cinematography = = =
 The Manila Storm are the city 's rugby league team training at Rizal Park ( Luneta Park ) and playing their matches at Southern Plains Field , Calamba , Laguna .
 According to many teammates , Kershaw is a noted perfectionist . A.J. Ellis describes his preparation and perfectionism during bullpens before each start :
 There are several shopping malls in Bintulu : ParkCity Mall , City Point , Ngiu Kee Departmental Stores , Farley shopping complex , Sing Kwong Supermarkets , and MDS @-@ Mart . Time Square Mall is currently under development in Bintulu , with Everrise as the anchor tenant .
 = = = Brooke dynasty = = =
 Family Amphibamidae
 On September 15 , 1999 , American Beauty opened to the public in limited release at three theaters in Los Angeles and three in New York . More theaters were added during the limited run , and on October 1 , the film officially entered wide release by screening in 706 theaters across North America . The film grossed $ 8 @,@ 188 @,@ 587 over the weekend , ranking third at the box office . Audiences polled by the market research firm CinemaScore gave American Beauty a " B + " grade on average . The theater count hit a high of 1 @,@ 528 at the end of the month , before a gradual decline . Following American Beauty 's wins at the 57th Golden Globe Awards , DreamWorks re @-@ expanded the theater presence from a low of 7 in mid @-@ February , to a high of 1 @,@ 990 in March . The film ended its North American theatrical run on June 4 , 2000 , having grossed $ 130 @.@ 1 million .
 = = Seasonal forecasts = =
 In late May , an area of disturbed weather began to persist in the South China Sea . The JTWC began to monitor the storm cluster on May 29 . The following day , the JMA reclassified the system as a tropical depression ; initially the system remained highly disorganized due to the lack of deep convection . Persistent moderate wind shear and dry air prevented the cyclone from strengthening significantly in the storm 's early stages . These conditions abated as the depression tracked northeast , and at 0000 UTC on June 1 , the JMA upgraded the system to Tropical Storm Nangka . Throughout the course of the day , Nangka continued to strengthen as it accelerated northeast , and peaked in strength with a barometric pressure of 985 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 09 inHg ) and maximum sustained winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) , making it a severe tropical storm .
 SM UB @-@ 15 ( became the Austro @-@ Hungarian U @-@ 11 , June 1915 )
 The North Koreans advanced to Changnyong itself during the afternoon of September 2 , and ROK National Police withdrew from the town . North Koreans were in Changnyong that evening . With his communications broken southward to the 2nd Infantry Division headquarters and the 9th Infantry , Haynes during the day decided to send a tank patrol down the Yongsan road in an effort to re @-@ establish communication . C Company , 72nd Tank Battalion , led its tanks southward . They had to fight their way down the road through several roadblocks . Of the three tanks that started , only the lead tank got through to Yongsan . There , it delivered an overlay of Task Force Haynes ' positions to Bradley .
 Homologues of most of the bones of temnospondyls are also seen in other early tetrapods , aside from a few bones in the skull , such as interfrontals , internasals , and interparietals , that have developed in some temnospondyl taxa . Most temnospondyls have tabular horns in the backs of their skulls , rounded projections of bone separated from the rest of the skull by indentations called otic notches ; in some temnospondyls , such as Zatrachys , they are pointed and very prominent . Among the most distinguishing features of temnospondyls are the interpterygoid vacuities , two large holes in the back of the palate . Another pair of holes , choanae , are present in front of these vacuities , and connect the nasal passage with the mouth . Temnospondyls often have teeth on their palates , as well as in their jaws . Some of these teeth are so large , they are referred to as tusks . In some temnospondyls , such as Nigerpeton , tusks in the lower jaw pierce the palate and emerge through openings in the top of the skull .
 = = = War and peace with Parthia = = =
 = = = Operation Ironclad = = =
 The batteries have a claim to the title of the first ironclad warships but they were capable of only 4 knots ( 7 km / h ) under their own power : they operated under their own power at the Battle of Kinburn , but had to be towed for long range transit . They were also arguably marginal to the work of the navy . The brief success of the floating ironclad batteries convinced France to begin work on armored warships for their battlefleet .
 Other museums in the city are the Museum of Manila , the city @-@ owned museum that exhibits the city 's culture and history , Museo Pambata , a children 's museum , the Museum of Philippine Political History , which exhibits notable political events in the country , the Parish of the Our Lady of the Abandoned and the San Agustin Church Museum , which houses religious artifacts , and Plaza San Luis , a public museum .
 Husbands @-@ Hankin was instrumental in developing the concept of " Ethical Kashrut " , the idea that one should only purchase goods that are produced in an ethical way . His essay , " Ethical Kashrut , " was selected for publication in Arthur Kurzweil 's Best Jewish Writing 2003 . A singer , cello and guitar player , he composes and performs Jewish music .
 Otho overthrew Galba . Otho was said to be liked by many soldiers because he had been a friend of Nero 's and resembled him somewhat in temperament . It was said that the common Roman hailed Otho as Nero himself . Otho used " Nero " as a surname and reerected many statues to Nero . Vitellius overthrew Otho . Vitellius began his reign with a large funeral for Nero complete with songs written by Nero .
 On 6 November , Édouard Adolphe Mortier commanded the following forces :
 = = = = Horticulture = = = =
 Lesnar married Rena Greek , better known as Sable , on May 6 , 2006 . They reside on a farm in Maryfield , Saskatchewan , having previously lived in Maple Plain , Minnesota . They have two sons : Turk ( born June 3 , 2009 ) and Duke ( born July 21 , 2010 ) . Lesnar also has twins with his former fiancée , Nicole McClain , the first being a son named Luke ( born Brock Jr . ) and the second a daughter named Mya Lynn ( born April 10 , 2002 ) . Mya is 10 minutes older than Luke . Lesnar has full custody of the twins , and is the stepfather of Mariah , Greek 's daughter with her late husband .
 During their trials the Type UB Is were found to be too small and too slow and had a reputation for being underpowered ; one commander compared his Type UB I to a " sewing machine " . According to authors R. H. Gibson and Maurice Prendergast in their 1931 book The German Submarine War , 1914 – 1918 , the UBs did not have enough power to chase down steamers while surfaced and lacked the endurance to spend any extended amount of time underwater , exhausting their batteries after little over an hour 's running . In @-@ service use revealed another problem : with a single propeller shaft / engine combination , if either component failed , the U @-@ boat was almost totally disabled .
 = = Design and description = =
 The Dutch Ramtorenschip ( Coastal ram ) Zr . Ms. Schorpioen is a museum ship at Den Helder .
 About two thirds of Du Fu 's 1500 extant works are in this form , and he is generally considered to be its leading exponent . His best lǜshi use the parallelisms required by the form to add expressive content rather than as mere technical restrictions . Hawkes comments that , " it is amazing that Tu Fu is able to use so immensely stylized a form in so natural a manner " .
 A second prequel , titled " Vastra Investigates " , was released online on 17 December 2012 . At the end of a case , Vastra and Jenny converse with an officer from Scotland Yard and apologise for Strax 's violent wishes for the culprit 's punishment . Vastra explains Strax 's alien origin as well as her own to the officer , much to his astonishment . Vastra reveals that she was awoken by an extension to the London Underground and initially disliked humans , though that changed when she fell in love with Jenny . On the carriage ride home , Jenny notices it is beginning to snow and Vastra notes that the snow should be impossible because there are no clouds in the sky .
 The Commission , as part of its mandate , is responsible for commemorating all Commonwealth war dead individually and equally . To this end , the war dead are commemorated by name on a headstone , at an identified site of a burial , or on a memorial . War dead are commemorated uniformly and equally , irrespective of military or civil rank , race or creed .
 As well as the main Principal Architects for France and Belgium ( Baker , Blomfield and Lutyens ) , there were Principal Architects appointed for other regions as well . Sir Robert Lorimer was Principal Architect for Italy , Macedonia and Egypt , while Sir John James Burnet was Principal Architect for Palestine and Gallipoli , assisted by Thomas Smith Tait . The Principal Architect for Mesopotamia was Edward Prioleau Warren .
 Stevens ended up with a school and Horizon league record 30 wins , beating several big name schools – Michigan , Texas Tech , Florida State , Ohio State – along the way . In so doing , he became the third @-@ youngest head coach in NCAA Division I history to lead a team to 30 wins in a season , and became the fourth @-@ winningest first @-@ year coach . Butler was nationally ranked for a school and league record 19 consecutive weeks . Butler 's 30 – 4 record was the best among teams that did not reach the Final Four . Stevens was a finalist for the Hugh Durham Award , losing to Keno Davis of Drake , and a finalist for the Jim Phelan National Coach of the Year Award , losing to Bo Ryan .
 From 1875 onwards , the balance between breech- and muzzle @-@ loading changed . Captain de Bange invented a method of reliably sealing a breech , adopted by the French in 1873 . Just as compellingly , the growing size of naval guns made muzzle @-@ loading much more complicated . With guns of such size there was no prospect of hauling in the gun for re @-@ loading , or even re @-@ loading by hand , and complicated hydraulic systems were required for re @-@ loading the gun outside the turret without exposing the crew to enemy fire . In 1882 , the 81 @-@ ton , 16 @-@ inch ( 406 mm ) guns of HMS Inflexible fired only once every 11 minutes while bombarding Alexandria during the Urabi Revolt . The 100 @-@ ton , 450 mm ( 17 @.@ 72 inch ) guns of Caio Duilio could each fire a round every 15 minutes .
 Plutarch ( c . 46 – 127 ) mentions Nero indirectly in his account of the Life of Galba and the Life of Otho . Nero is portrayed as a tyrant , but those that replace him are not described as better .
 = = Reactions of oxaziridines = =
 There are two monsoon seasons in the Bintulu : the northeast moonsoon ( November to March ) and the southwest moonsoon ( May to September ) . The calm period between these two moonsoons is known as the transitional period . In the coastal region , maximum rainfall occurs in the month of January , while minimal rainfall occurs from the period June to August . Rainfall is more evenly distributed in the inland areas . The annual rainfall of the Bintulu region is about 3 @,@ 750 mm ( 148 in ) annually . The mean daily hours of sunshine at Bintulu is about 5 @.@ 0 to 5 @.@ 5 hours . Bintulu receives on average 14 to 15 mJ / m2 of radiation throughout the year . Bintulu 's relative humidity is 85 % .
 The shadowed portion of the crater was imaged with the Terrain Camera of the Japanese SELENE spacecraft using the illumination of sunlight reflected off the rim . The interior of the crater consists of a symmetrical 30 ° slope that leads down to a 6 @.@ 6 km diameter floor . The handful of craters along the interior span no more than a few hundred meters . The bottom is covered by an uneven mound @-@ like feature that is 300 to 400 m thick . The central peak is about 200 m in height .
 Domitian opened the year following the revolt by sharing the consulship with Nerva . Again , the honour suggested Nerva had played a part in uncovering the conspiracy , perhaps in a fashion similar to what he did during the Pisonian conspiracy under Nero . Alternatively , Domitian may have selected Nerva as his colleague to emphasise the stability and status @-@ quo of the regime . The revolt had been suppressed , and the Empire could return to order .
 The ships were turned into floating AA batteries over the next several months although it availed them little when they were attacked again by American carrier aircraft in July . On the 24th Ise was struck by five bombs and near missed multiple times ; all told she lost 50 crewmen killed and many others wounded . The bombs started numerous leaks and Ise began to settle by the bow , although she was returned to an even keel after three @-@ days pumping . Hyūga was a primary focus of the attack and she received 10 direct hits and up to 30 near misses . She was badly damaged with some 200 @-@ odd crewmen killed and 600 wounded during the attack . She slowly foundered over the next two days and was not attacked when the Americans returned four days later . This time it was Ise 's turn and she was struck 11 or more times with many near misses that put her on the bottom in shallow water with a 15 degree list . The sisters were struck off the Navy List in November and their wrecks were scrapped after the war .
 A Company , 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , moved to the south side of the Yongsan @-@ Naktong River road ; D Company of the 2nd Engineer Battalion was on the north side of the road . Approximately 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) west of Yongsan an estimated 300 North Korean troops engaged A Company in a fire fight . M19 Gun Motor Carriages of the 82nd AAA Battalion supported the engineers in this action , which lasted several hours . Meanwhile , with the approval of General Bradley , D Company moved to the hill immediately south of and overlooking Yongsan . A platoon of infantry went into position behind it . A Company was now ordered to fall back to the southeast edge of Yongsan on the left flank of D Company . There , A Company went into position along the road ; on its left was C Company of the Engineer battalion , and beyond C Company was the 2nd Division Reconnaissance Company . The hill occupied by D Company was in reality the western tip of a large mountain mass that lay southeast of the town . The road to Miryang came south out of Yongsan , bent around the western tip of this mountain , and then ran eastward along its southern base . In its position , D Company not only commanded the town but also its exit , the road to Miryang .
 = = = = Other attractions = = = =
 Niall Horan — additional guitar
 Wend , David ( 1998 ) . " Nerva ( 96 – 98 A.D. ) " . De Imperatoribus Romanis . Retrieved 2007 @-@ 08 @-@ 11 .
 Following the completion of the third Four Quartets poem , The Dry Salvages , Eliot 's health declined and he stayed in Shamley Green , Surrey while he recovered . During this time , Eliot started writing Little Gidding . The first draft was completed in July 1941 but he was dissatisfied with it . He believed the problems with the poem lay with his own inability to write , and that , precipitated by air raids on London , he had started the poem with too little preparation and had written it too quickly . After the first draft was written , he set the poem aside , and he left in September to lecture throughout Great Britain .
 Lillian Mueller as Amy Devers
 Despite the expensive reconstructions , both vessels were considered obsolete by the eve of the Pacific War , and neither saw significant action in the early years of the war . Following the loss of most of the IJN 's large aircraft carriers during the Battle of Midway in mid @-@ 1942 , they were rebuilt with a flight deck replacing the rear pair of gun turrets to give them the ability to operate an air group of floatplanes . A lack of aircraft and qualified pilots , however , meant that they never actually operated their aircraft in combat . While awaiting their air group the sister ships were sometimes used to ferry troops and material to Japanese bases . They participated in the Battle of Cape Engaño in late 1944 , where they decoyed the American carrier fleet supporting the invasion of Leyte away from the landing beaches . Afterwards both ships were transferred to Southeast Asia ; in early 1945 they participated in Operation Kita , where they transported petrol and other strategic materials to Japan . The sisters were then reduced to reserve until they were sunk during American airstrikes in July . After the war they were scrapped in 1946 – 47 .
 The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. is a 1981 literary and philosophical novella by George Steiner , in which Jewish Nazi hunters find a fictional Adolf Hitler ( A.H. ) alive in the Amazon jungle thirty years after the end of World War II . The book generated considerable controversy after its publication because in it , Steiner , who is Jewish , allows Hitler to defend himself when he is put on trial in the jungle by his captors . There Hitler maintains that Israel owes its existence to the Holocaust and that he is the " benefactor of the Jews " .
 Of all the North Korean attacks along the Pusan Perimeter , the Second Battle of Naktong Bulge is seen by historians as the most serious threat . It was the battle in which the North Koreans made the most substantial gains , splitting the US 2nd Infantry Division in half and briefly capturing Yongsan , where they were very close to breaching through to the US forces ' supply lines and threatening other divisions ' rear areas . However , once again the fatal weakness of the North Korean Army had cost it victory after an impressive initial success — its communications and supply were not capable of exploiting a breakthrough and of supporting a continuing attack in the face of massive air , armor , and artillery fire that could be concentrated against its troops at critical points . By September 8 , the North Korean attacks in the area had been repulsed .
 Nero 's mother was Agrippina the Younger , a great @-@ granddaughter of Caesar Augustus and his wife Scribonia through their daughter Julia the Elder and her husband Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa . Agrippina 's father , Germanicus , was a grandson of Augustus 's wife , Livia , on one side and to Mark Antony and Octavia on the other . Germanicus ' mother Antonia Minor , was a daughter of Octavia Minor and Mark Antony . Octavia was Augustus ' elder sister . Germanicus was also the adopted son of Tiberius . Agrippina poisoned her second husband Passienus Crispus , so many ancient historians also accuse her of murdering her third husband , the emperor Claudius .
 Diverse manufacturers within the city produce industrial @-@ related products such as chemicals , textiles , clothing , and electronic goods . Food and beverages and tobacco products also produced . Local entrepreneurs continue to process primary commodities for export , including rope , plywood , refined sugar , copra , and coconut oil . The food @-@ processing industry is one of the most stable major manufacturing sector in the city .
 The peace did not last and full @-@ scale war broke out in 58 . The Parthian king Vologases I refused to remove his brother Tiridates from Armenia . The Parthians began a full @-@ scale invasion of the Armenian kingdom . Commander Corbulo responded and repelled most of the Parthian army that same year . Tiridates retreated and Rome again controlled most of Armenia .
 Rookie of the Year ( 2008 )
 Elie Barach – Orthodox Jew and " prosecution attorney " at the trial ; he is the moral compass of the group , but his convictions are disturbed by Gideon Benasseraf 's fever @-@ induced assertions that Hitler is Jewish and ends up believing that Hitler may be the second Messiah .
 Immediately following the First World War , the British Army remained responsible for the exhumation of remains . The Western Front was divided into sectors and combed for bodies by 12 @-@ man exhumation units . Between the Armistice and September 1921 , the exhumation units reburied 204 @,@ 695 bodies . After 1921 , no further widespread search for bodies was undertaken and in February 1921 responsibility of the cemeteries was transferred to the Commission . Despite the rigorous searches , bodies continued to be discovered in numbers . In the three years following the conclusion of the general search 38 @,@ 000 bodies were discovered . In the mid 1920s , 20 to 30 bodies were being discovered weekly .
 Kelly West of Cinema Blend focused primarily on the series finale in her review but referred to this episode as containing a solid case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week . “ Overall it was a good mystery @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week but seeing as it was the second to last episode , the only thing I cared about was that we finally got more Weevil ! ” Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club gave the episode a mixed review , stating that the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week was an oversimplification of the overall themes of Veronica Mars . The reviewer enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick ’ s character development , although he felt that it was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end . “ As fun as this episode is , the lack of the fourth season stops me from fully enjoying it . [ … ] But the knowledge that this might be the last time we see them puts a damper on things . Still , better to go out with good episodes than bad . ”
 Kershaw attended nearby Highland Park High School , where he played baseball and was also the center for quarterback Matthew Stafford on the football varsity . After a growth spurt and further development of his pitches , he established himself as an elite high school prospect in 2006 when he posted a 13 – 0 record with an earned run average ( ERA ) of 0 @.@ 77 , and recorded 139 strikeouts in 64 innings pitched . In a playoff game against Northwest High School of Justin , Texas , Kershaw pitched an all @-@ strikeout perfect game . He struck out all 15 batters he faced in the game , which was shortened because of the mercy rule . He also pitched for USA Baseball 's Junior National Team in the Pan Am Championship . Kershaw was selected by USA Today as " High School Baseball Player of the Year " , and was also the Gatorade National Player of the Year for baseball .
 Me ( Et ) CONH + NH3 → Me ( Et ) C = NNH2 + H2O
 The genus Attalea has pinnately compound leaves — rows of leaflets emerge on either side of the axis of the leaf in a feather @-@ like or fern @-@ like pattern . Species are also non @-@ spiny palms and includes both large trees with stout stems up to 30 metres ( 98 ft ) tall and acaulescent palms ( one which lack an aboveground stem ) . The number of leaves per individual varies from about three to thirty @-@ five ; larger plants tend to have more and longer leaves .
 He re @-@ emerges during the revolt of Saturninus in 89 . On 1 January , 89 , the governor of Germania Superior , Lucius Antonius Saturninus , and his two legions at Mainz , Legio XIV Gemina and Legio XXI Rapax , revolted against the Roman Empire with the aid of a tribe of the Chatti . The governor of Germania Inferior , Lappius Maximus , moved to the region at once , assisted by the procurator of Rhaetia , Titus Flavius Norbanus . Within twenty @-@ four days the rebellion was crushed , and its leaders at Mainz savagely punished . The mutinous legions were sent to the front of Illyricum , while those who had assisted in their defeat were duly rewarded .
 = = = Last years = = =
 Temnospondyls like Sclerocephalus are known from both large adult specimens and small larvae , showing an extreme change in body shape . In these species , the shape and proportions of skull bones change in the early stages of development . The ornamentation on the surface of the skull roof also develops at this time . Small , regularly spaced pits are the first to form , followed by larger ridges . As development continues , the external gills disappear . Small teeth that once covered the palate are lost . The postcranial skeleton does not develop at the same rate as the skull , with ossification ( the replacement of cartilage by bone ) happening more slowly . Vertebrae and limb bones are poorly developed , ribs and fingers are absent in the early stages , and the scapulocoracoid and ischium are entirely absent through most of development . Once maturity is reached , most bones have fully formed and growth rate slows . The bones of some temnospondyls like Dutuitosaurus show growth marks , possibly an indication that growth rate varied with the change in seasons . Fossils of temnospondyls like Metoposaurus and Cheliderpeton show that individuals grew larger past maturity . The oldest individuals usually have more pitting on their skulls with deeper sulci .
 Like many American films of the time , The Heart of Ezra Greer was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards . The Chicago Board of Censors required the cutting in Reel 2 of a letter stating , " I cannot face my father , " etc . , and two closeups of gambling scenes ; and in Reel 5 a change of the intertitle " Because it means her whole future " to " Because she is his wife " .
 Top Newcomer of the Year ( 2008 )
 American paleontologist Alfred Romer brought the name Temnospondyli back into use in the later 20th century . Säve @-@ Söderbergh used the name Labyrinthodontia in a strict sense ( sensu stricto ) to refer to Rhachitomi and Stereospondyli , excluding Embolomeri . Romer agreed with this classification , but used the name Temnospondyli to avoid confusion with Labyrinthodontia in its wider sense ( sensu lato ) . Unlike modern temnospondyl classification , however , Romer included the primitive Ichthyostegalia in the group .
 Saul Steinberg created 85 covers and 642 internal drawings and illustrations for The New Yorker , including its March 29 , 1976 cover , titled " View of the World from 9th Avenue " . This is regarded as his most famous work . It is considered an example of unintentional fame : Steinberg has noted that the type of fame that resulted from the work has diminished his significance to " the man who did that poster " . The work is sometimes referred to as A Parochial New Yorker 's View of the World or A New Yorker 's View of the World because it depicts a map of the world as seen by self @-@ absorbed New Yorkers . At one point The New Yorker applied for a copyright from the United States Copyright Office for the work . It assigned the copyright to Steinberg and subsequently reproduced posters of the painting .
 Family Branchiosauridae
 On October 25 , 2002 Jacob Laskey , his brother Gabriel Laskey , Gerald Poundstone , Jesse Baker , and one other man , all members of the Volksfront , drove to Beth Israel with the intent of intimidating the congregants . While a service with 80 members attending was taking place , the men threw rocks etched with Nazi swastikas through the synagogue 's stained glass windows , then sped off . The men were caught , pleaded guilty , and were convicted . They served sentences ranging from a 6 @-@ month work release term and five years probation , to eleven years and three months in federal prison for the ringleader , Jacob Laskey .
 Kershaw pitched 18 innings during his second trip to Jacksonville ( two starts and one seven inning relief appearance ) , winning two games . During this stretch , he allowed only two runs earned runs , lowering his ERA to 1 @.@ 91 . He was recalled on July 22 .
 Non @-@ Christian historian Tacitus describes Nero extensively torturing and executing Christians after the fire of 64 . Suetonius also mentions Nero punishing Christians , though he does so because they are " given to a new and mischievous superstition " and does not connect it with the fire .
 = Robert Boulter =
 Following peak intensity , Chan @-@ hom began to intake dry air beginning on May 25 . At roughly the same time , the typhoon began to weaken and accelerate towards the northeast . Conditions continued to worsen as the storm moved further north , and as the cyclone passed east of Minamitorishima , it was downgraded to tropical storm classification . By this time , Chan @-@ hom had lost much of its convection due to wind shear . Early on May 27 , Chan @-@ hom had fully transitioned into an extratropical cyclone , and these remnants continued to track towards the northeast . These extratropical remnants dissipated south of the Aleutian Islands the following day . Early in the typhoon 's existence , Chan @-@ hom posed a potential threat to Guam , but remained well east of the island . However , after passing to the northeast , winds from the typhoon fanned volcanic ash from the recently erupting Anatahan volcano towards the island , prompting precautionary measures in Guam . Ashfalls were reported on the island , forcing the cancellation of several flights . As a tropical storm , Chan @-@ hom caused some damage to homes and crops on Chuuk , mostly due to heavy rains brought forth by the storm . Offshore , a 1 @,@ 040 ton fishing vessel , the Nien Feioch , sank during the storm . The ship was valued at $ 16 million .
 Lesnar had a great showing at the NFL Combine . On April 17 , 2004 , a minivan collided with his motorbike ; he suffered a broken jaw and left hand , a bruised pelvis , and a pulled groin . Several NFL teams expressed interest in watching Lesnar work out . The Minnesota Vikings worked out Lesnar on June 11 , 2004 but he was hampered by the groin injury suffered in the April motorcycle accident . On July 24 it was reported that he was nearly recovered from his groin injury . He signed with the Vikings on July 27 and played in several preseason games for the team . He was released by the Vikings on August 30 , 2004 . Lesnar received an invitation to play as a representative for the Vikings in NFL Europa but declined due to his desire to stay in the United States with his family . He had several football cards produced of him during his time with the Vikings .
 Manila 's population density dwarfs that of Kolkata ( 27 @,@ 774 inhabitants per km2 ) , Mumbai ( 22 @,@ 937 inhabitants per km2 ) , Paris ( 20 @,@ 164 inhabitants per km2 ) , Dhaka ( 19 @,@ 447 inhabitants per km2 ) , Shanghai ( 16 @,@ 364 inhabitants per km2 , with its most dense district , Nanshi , having a density of 56 @,@ 785 inhabitants per km2 ) , and Tokyo ( 10 @,@ 087 inhabitants per km2 ) .
 The Olmec civilization developed in the lowlands of southeastern Mexico between 1500 and 400 BC . The Olmec heartland lies on the Gulf Coast of Mexico within the states of Veracruz and Tabasco , an area measuring approximately 275 kilometres ( 171 mi ) east to west and extending about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) inland from the coast . The Olmecs are regarded as the first civilization to develop in Mesoamerica and the Olmec heartland is one of six cradles of civilization worldwide , the others being the Norte Chico culture of South America , the Erlitou culture of China 's Yellow River , the Indus Valley Civilization of south Asia , the civilization of ancient Egypt and the Sumerian civilization of ancient Iraq . Of these , only the Olmec civilization developed in a lowland tropical forest setting .
 = = = Home media = = =
 Suborder Stereospondyli
 In imitation of the Greeks , Nero built a number of gymnasiums and theatres . Enormous gladiatorial shows were also held . Nero also established the quinquennial Neronia . The festival included games , poetry , and theater . Historians indicate that there was a belief that theatre led to immorality . Others considered that to have performers dressed in Greek clothing was old fashioned . Some questioned the large public expenditure on entertainment .
 Gore grew his fortune by investing carefully in revolutionary currency and bonds . The securities he purchased were paper that had been given to Continental Army soldiers in lieu of pay , which they often sold at a steep discount . One batch of securities he purchased , for instance , cost him about $ 3 @,@ 700 but had a face value of $ 25 @,@ 000 . In 1785 he married Rebecca Amory Payne , daughter of a wealthy merchant , maritime insurer , and director of the Bank of Massachusetts . The couple were known for their social graces and became prominent members of Boston society .
 The cover was later satirized by Barry Blitt for the cover of The New Yorker on October 6 , 2008 . The cover featured Sarah Palin looking out of her window seeing only Alaska , with Russia in the far background .
 Although Bacon revered Velázquez 's portrait , he did not try and reproduce the earlier painting . In interviews , he said that he saw flaws in Velázquez 's work and that he viewed that social structure and order as , according to art historian Wieland Schmied , " obsolete and decayed " . Bacon 's approach was to elevate his subject so he could knock him down again , thereby making a sly comment on the treatment of royalty in both old master and contemporary painting . Yet Velázquez 's influence is apparent in many aspects of the painting . The sitter 's pose closely echoes the original , as does the violet and white colouring of his cope , which is built up through broad , thick , brush @-@ strokes . The influence can be further seen in the gold @-@ coloured ornaments on the back of the seat that extend on both sides of the figure . Art historian Armin Zweite describes the work as a mixture of reverence and subversion that pays tribute to Velázquez , while at the same time deconstructs his painting .
 Experts disagree about the number of species in the genus Attalea ( broadly defined ) . In 1965 , Dutch taxonomist Jan Gerard Wessels Boer estimated that there may be as many as 100 species in the genus . In their 1996 Field Guide to the Palms of the Americas Andrew Henderson and coauthors recognised 29 species in the genus , while Sidney Glassman recognised 65 species in his 1999 treatment of the group . Largely following Glassman 's lead , Rafaël Govaerts and John Dransfield recognised 67 species in their 2005 World Checklist of Palms . An important element of this disagreement is the decision by Glassman to define species more narrowly than Henderson . As a result , what Henderson interpreted as variation within species , Glassman took as differences between morphologically similar species . This problem is complicated by the fact that many of these species are poorly represented in herbarium collections . The large size of the leaves , inflorescences and fruit of many Attalea species makes them difficult to collect . In addition , many important collections , including type specimen , have been lost or destroyed . Sparse or incomplete collections make it difficult to differentiate variation within a single species from variation between different species .
 = = = Ancestry and family = = =
 Roman and Greek sources nowhere report Nero 's alleged trip to Jerusalem or his alleged conversion to Judaism . There is also no record of Nero having any offspring who survived infancy : his only recorded child , Claudia Augusta , died aged 4 months .
 Shot by November 2012 , the music video was characterised , in several MTV News interviews , as " bigger than anything we 've done before " by Zayn Malik , as " a lot of hard work " by Payne , as " pure stupidity " by Louis Tomlinson , and as " I wouldn 't say [ it 's ] comedy , it 's all tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek " by Arnell . Premiering worldwide on Vevo on 7 January 2013 , the music video depicts the band shooting different scenes via a green screen , dressed as sailors , surfers , skiers and jailers . The video features scenes reminiscent of the films South Pacific , To Catch a Thief , Jailhouse Rock and Beach Blanket Bingo , as well as the iconic music videos of songs such as The Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Blue Hawaii " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " , among others .
 Writing in Variety , Todd McCarthy said the cast ensemble " could not be better " ; he praised Spacey 's " handling of innuendo , subtle sarcasm , and blunt talk " and the way he imbued Lester with " genuine feeling " . Janet Maslin in The New York Times said Spacey was at his " wittiest and most agile " to date , and Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times singled Spacey out for successfully portraying a man who " does reckless and foolish things [ but who ] doesn 't deceive himself " . Kevin Jackson of Sight & Sound said Spacey impressed in ways distinct from his previous performances , the most satisfying aspect being his portrayal of " both sap and hero " . Writing in Film Quarterly , Gary Hentzi praised the actors , but said that characters such as Carolyn and Col. Fitts were stereotypes . Hentzi accused Mendes and Ball of identifying too readily with Jane and Ricky , saying the latter was their " fantasy figure " — a teenaged boy who 's an absurdly wealthy artist able to " finance [ his ] own projects " . Hentzi said Angela was the most believable teenager , in particular with her " painfully familiar " attempts to " live up to an unworthy image of herself " . Maslin agreed that some characters were unoriginal , but said their detailed characterizations made them memorable . Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times said the actors coped " faultlessly " with what were difficult roles ; he called Spacey 's performance " the energy that drives the film " , saying the actor commanded audience involvement despite Lester not always being sympathetic . " Against considerable odds , we do like [ these characters ] , " Turan concluded .
 Planning began in earnest as the ships got underway , with a combined command center on Guam . On the morning of 3 January , the task force 's command questioned why they were not given the option of an amphibious landing and requested a tank landing ship be added to the task force ; the request was denied . A warrant officer who had previously served as a Marine Security Guard at the Mogadishu embassy during the mid @-@ 1980s was found . Despite Ambassador Bishop 's planning with Central Command , the task force was provided outdated information . The former MSG told planners that a new embassy had been planned and was under construction several years prior . In fact , the new embassy was located further inland and , after receiving updated information , task force commanders determined that a beach landing , requiring troops to fight their way across the city , was too risky . Initial plans had the ships launch their helicopters at 01 : 00 on 7 January . However , in response to indications from Ambassador Bishop that conditions in Mogadishu were deteriorating , planners considered 1 @,@ 050 @-@ nautical @-@ mile ( 1 @,@ 940 km ; 1 @,@ 210 mi ) and , later , 890 @-@ nautical @-@ mile ( 1 @,@ 650 km ; 1 @,@ 020 mi ) flights with the CH @-@ 53Es while the ships were still located in the northern Arabian Sea . The situation in Mogadishu stabilized somewhat and the mission was delayed until 5 January .
 To use absolutely no word that does not contribute to the presentation .
 Dodd has been around horses since she was four months old , and was able to ride on her own by the time she was two years old , before she learned to walk . The sport gave her a degree of independence . She started competing in 2005 , and first represented Australia in 2006 , winning her first test in England that year.In 2008 , she became the youngest @-@ ever winner of the Australian national championships . She finished first at the March 2009 inter @-@ schools cup at the St Ives Showground , and second at the 2009 Australian national championships , but her horse , Lucifer 's Dream , was injured in 2009 . In 2009 and 2010 , she searched for another horse to assist her in getting through Paralympic qualification . She won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events . By 2012 , she was the top @-@ ranked Australian competitor in her event and class .
 General Eisenhower stayed at The Convent , the official Governor 's residence , but his operational headquarters were in a small chamber in a tunnel in the heart of the Rock . In his memoirs General Eisenhower wrote :
 Since then , Operation USA has become a highly acclaimed aid organization that is involved in helping people in different ways around the world . In 1982 , Operation California sent " the first private airlift from the U.S. to Poland " , delivering 200 @,@ 000 lbs. of medical supplies and medicine ; that year Operation California also airlifted medical supplies to Lebanon . In 1983 , Operation California delivered aid to the children of Vietnam and Cambodia . Operation California provided aid to the earthquake victims in Mexico City in 1985 , as well as working in cooperation with the Unitarian Universalist Service Committee and Oxfam America , to deliver $ 250 @,@ 000 worth of medical aid to Nicaragua . In 1986 Operation California , in conjunction with Medical Aid to El Salvador , sent " [ t ] wo cargo planes carrying $ 500 @,@ 000 worth of relief supplies to earthquake @-@ stricken El Salvador " .
 The episode received mostly positive reviews . Dan Martin of The Guardian called it " actually the best Christmas Special since ' The Christmas Invasion ' " and the first to be " actually scary " , with " everything we like " about Doctor Who and Christmas . He praised Coleman 's introduction as Clara and the gang of Vastra , Jenny , and Strax . IGN 's Matt Risley gave " The Snowmen " a score of 9 @.@ 4 out of 10 , describing it as " a rollicking , riveting masterclass in storytelling " which " refreshingly " lacked traditional Christmas references " in favour of some sparkling dialogue , gorgeous set design and fascinating characterisation " . While he felt that Grant and McKellen were underused , he was very positive towards Coleman 's " unpredictable " Clara . Radio Times reviewer Patrick Mulkern was pleased with the return of the Great Intelligence despite an inconsistency in the timeline he found , and praised the " lovely images " and direction of the special , though he felt the variation of the theme music " lacks the menace " of the original . While he was positive towards Clara , he was " unmoved by her death " as it was " plainly silly " that she did not look injured .
 Du Fu ( Wade – Giles : Tu Fu ; Chinese : 杜甫 ; 712 – 770 ) was a prominent Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty . Along with Li Bai ( Li Po ) , he is frequently called the greatest of the Chinese poets . His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant , but he proved unable to make the necessary accommodations . His life , like the whole country , was devastated by the An Lushan Rebellion of 755 , and his last 15 years were a time of almost constant unrest .
 The Ise @-@ class ships ' waterline protective belt had a maximum thickness of 299 mm ( 11 @.@ 8 in ) of Vickers cemented armour amidships ; below it was a strake of 100 mm ( 3 @.@ 9 in ) armour . The upper armoured deck consisted of two layers of high @-@ tensile steel 55 mm ( 2 @.@ 2 in ) thick and the lower armoured deck also consisted of two layers of high @-@ tensile steel , but only 30 mm ( 1 @.@ 2 in ) thick . The sides of this deck sloped downwards to meet the bottom of the lower strake of the belt armour . The ends of the belt armour were closed off by bulkheads that ranged in thickness from 203 to 102 mm ( 8 to 4 in ) . The turrets were protected with an armour thickness of 254 mm ( 10 in ) on the face and 76 mm on the roof . The casemate armour was 149 mm ( 5 @.@ 9 in ) thick and that of the barbettes was 299 mm thick rather than the originally planned 305 mm . The sides of the conning tower were 305 mm thick .
 Many of the residents ' original grievances were addressed with the passing of the Local Government ( Northern Ireland ) Act , 1972 , which redrew the electoral boundaries and introduced universal adult suffrage based on the single transferable vote . Elections were held in May 1973 . Nationalists gained a majority on the council for the first time since 1923 . Since then the area has been extensively redeveloped , with modern housing replacing the old houses and flats . The Free Derry era is commemorated by the Free Derry wall , the murals of the Bogside Artists and the Museum of Free Derry .
 Luoyang , the region of his birthplace , was recovered by government forces in the winter of 762 , and in the spring of 765 Du Fu and his family sailed down the Yangtze , apparently with the intention of making their way there . They traveled slowly , held up by his ill @-@ health ( by this time he was suffering from poor eyesight , deafness and general old age in addition to his previous ailments ) . They stayed in Kuizhou ( in what is now Baidicheng , Chongqing ) at the entrance to the Three Gorges for almost two years from late spring 766 . This period was Du Fu 's last great poetic flowering , and here he wrote 400 poems in his dense , late style . In autumn 766 , Bo Maolin became governor of the region : he supported Du Fu financially and employed him as his unofficial secretary .
 = = = Secondary material = = =
 The first Type UB I to enter service was UB @-@ 10 , which formed the nucleus of the Flanders Flotilla , on 27 March 1915 . By the end of April five more Type UB I boats had become operational . UB @-@ 10 was eventually joined in the Flanders Flotilla by UB @-@ 2 , UB @-@ 4 , UB @-@ 5 , UB @-@ 6 , UB @-@ 12 , UB @-@ 13 , UB @-@ 16 , and UB @-@ 17 ; of these , only UB @-@ 2 made the journey to Flanders by sea rather than rail .
 Derry City lies near the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland . It has a majority nationalist population , and nationalists won a majority of seats in the 1920 local elections . Despite this , the Ulster Unionist Party controlled the local council , Londonderry Corporation , from 1923 onwards . The Unionists maintained their majority , firstly , by manipulating the constituency boundaries ( gerrymandering ) so that the South Ward , with a nationalist majority , returned eight councillors while the much smaller North Ward and Waterside Ward , with unionist majorities , returned twelve councillors between them ; secondly , by allowing only ratepayers to vote in local elections , rather than one man , one vote , so that a higher number of nationalists , who did not own homes , were disenfranchised ; and thirdly , by denying houses to nationalists outside the South Ward constituency . The result was that there were about 2 @,@ 000 nationalist families , and practically no unionists , on the housing waiting list , and that housing in the nationalist area was crowded and of a very poor condition . The South Ward comprised the Bogside , Brandywell , Creggan , Bishop Street and Foyle Road , and it was this area that would become Free Derry .
 Firstly , Hitler claims he took his doctrines from the Jews and copied the notion of the master race from the Chosen people and their need to separate themselves from the " unclean " . " My racism is a parody of yours , a hungry imitation . "
 Midway through Stevens ' first season , with the Bulldogs at 12 – 1 , The New York Times wrote " so far , Stevens has made the transition [ to head coach ] look easy . " The Times went on to state that Stevens had the calm and composure of a seasoned veteran . " You ’ ve got a lot of people always looking for the next step . And that ’ s not what I was doing . I was just trying to figure out a way to win the next game and think like a head coach . " Stevens said .
 The ironclad age saw the development of explosive torpedoes as naval weapons , which helped complicate the design and tactics of ironclad fleets . The first torpedoes were static mines , used extensively in the American Civil War . That conflict also saw the development of the spar torpedo , an explosive charge pushed against the hull of a warship by a small boat . For the first time , a large warship faced a serious threat from a smaller one — and given the relative inefficiency of shellfire against ironclads , the threat from the spar torpedo was taken seriously . The U.S. Navy converted four of its monitors to become turretless armored spar @-@ torpedo vessels while under construction in 1864 – 5 , but these vessels never saw action . Another proposal , the towed or ' Harvey ' torpedo , involved an explosive on a line or outrigger ; either to deter a ship from ramming or to make a torpedo attack by a boat less suicidal .
 Tatwine was a Mercian by birth . His epigraph at Canterbury stated that when he died he was in old age , so perhaps he was born around 670 . He became a monk at the monastery at Breedon @-@ on @-@ the @-@ Hill in the present @-@ day County of Leicestershire , and then abbot of that house . Through the influence of King Æthelbald he was appointed as Archbishop of Canterbury in 731 and was consecrated on 10 June 731 . He was one of a number of Mercians who were appointed to Canterbury during the 730s and 740s . Apart from his consecration of the Bishops of Lindsey and Selsey in 733 , Tatwine 's period as archbishop appears to have been uneventful . He died in office on 30 July 734 . Later considered a saint , his feast day is 30 July .
 The powerful hurricane moved over or near several islands in the Bahamas . Winds on Spanish Wells and Harbour Island were both estimated at around 140 mph ( 225 km / h ) . Winds reached 110 mph ( 177 km / h ) at Governor 's Harbour , 100 mph ( 161 km / h ) on Eleuthera , and 120 mph ( 193 km / h ) on the Abaco Islands . The storm was farther away from Nassau , where winds reached 61 mph ( 98 km / h ) . The hurricane damaged a lumber mill on Abaco , washing away a dock . Heavy damage occurred on Harbour Island , including to several roofs , the walls of government buildings , and the water system . The hurricane destroyed four churches and 37 houses , leaving 100 people homeless . A 1 @.@ 5 mi ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) road on Eleuthera was destroyed . Several islands sustained damage to farms , including the total loss of various fruit trees on Russell Island . Despite Category 4 winds on Spanish Wells , only five houses were destroyed , although most of the remaining dwellings lost their roofs . Collectively between North Point , James Cistern , and Gregory Town on Eleuthera , the storm destroyed 55 houses and damaged many others . On Grand Bahama , where a 9 to 12 ft ( 2 @.@ 7 to 3 @.@ 7 m ) storm surge was reported , half of the houses were destroyed , as were 13 boats and two planes , and most docks were wrecked .
 The IJN then decided to use the sisters and their escorts to bring a load of petrol , rubber , tin and other strategic minerals back to Japan after the American carriers departed the South China Sea ( Operation Kita ) . They loaded their cargoes beginning on 6 February at Singapore and departed four days later . Also carrying some 1 @,@ 150 oilfield workers , they were escorted by Ōyodo and three destroyers . Decrypted Japanese radio signals revealed the Japanese plan to the Allies , and 15 submarines were positioned along their anticipated route in an attempt to intercept and sink the ships . An additional 11 were moved into position while the group was en route , but only three were ultimately able to attack . None of them were successful before the Japanese reached Kure on 20 February . The Fourth Carrier Division was disbanded on 1 March and the sisters were reduced to 1st rank reserve ships . On 19 March Kure was attacked by aircraft from Task Force 58 and Hyūga was hit three times by bombs that killed 37 men and wounded 52 . Her gunners claimed to have shot down one American dive bomber during the attack . Ise was hit twice during the attack , but her casualties , if any , are unknown .
 = = = Theatrical run = = =
 Manila was also the site of the bloodiest battle in the Pacific theater during the Second World War . After falling to the Empire of Japan on January 2 , 1942 , it was recaptured by joint American and Filipino troops from February 3 to March 3 , 1945 . Some 100 @,@ 000 civilians were killed in Manila in February 1945 . It was the second most devastated city in the world after Warsaw during the Second World War . At the end of World War II , almost all of the structures in the city , particularly Intramuros , were destroyed but after the war , reconstruction took place .
 Clade Capitosauria
 A tropical depression developed near Yap on November 11 . The system intensified gradually as it tracked quickly westward toward the Philippines . An anticyclone aloft allowed for strengthening , and the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Nepartak on November 12 . Simultaneously , the cyclone entered the area of responsibility of the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration , which named it Tropical Storm Weng . At around 1600 UTC on November 13 , Nepartak made landfall on northern Samar Island in the Philippines before traversing the remainder of the archipelago from east to west . The cyclone emerged into the South China Sea weakened but quickly re @-@ intensified while continuing to the west @-@ northwest . The JTWC estimated peak winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) on November 16 , and later that day , the JMA upgraded the storm to typhoon status , estimating peak 10 @-@ minute winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) . On November 18 , Nepartak passed near southwestern Hainan and weakened , with the convection diminishing from the circulation . By the next day , the system weakened to tropical depression status , and dissipated shortly after moving ashore over Beihai , China .
 = = = Championship series = = =
 Similarly , meteorologists working with the City University of Hong Kong issued a seasonal projection on April 24 , 2003 , indicating the likelihood of a normal or below normal season with 29 total tropical cyclones , 26 tropical storms , and 16 typhoons . As with the TSR , the group primarily based their forecast numbers on the prevailing status of the El Niño @-@ Southern Oscillation . The City University of Hong Kong revised their forecasts on June 24 , 2003 , indicating a slight increase of total tropical cyclones to 30 . The group was also accurate in their forecasts for the entirety of the Northwest Pacific , though their specialized forecasts for the South China Sea were substantially off .
 However , upon moving through the Bashi Channel , conditions began to deteriorate due to increased wind shear , weakening the system and resulting in its downgrade to tropical depression status by the JMA at 1200 UTC on June 3 . Nangka continued to become increasingly disorganized as it moved further north , and late that day , the depression transitioned to an extratropical cyclone . The resulting remnants continued to track well east of Japan before dissipating on June 7 . Due to its track away from landmasses , damage remained minimal ; however , as Nangka passed to the south and east of Japan , the storm brought light rainfall to the country , peaking at 81 mm ( 3 @.@ 2 in ) in Minamidaitō , Okinawa .
 = = = Formal establishment = = =
 = = = War tunnels = = =
 = = Finals series = =
 In March 1943 an ammunition dump was blown up by Calvo 's agents . The British , growing suspicious of some of the saboteurs , banned them from entering Gibraltar . This forced the Abwehr to ask Calvo for new personnel . A Spaniard working on the Rock , José Martín Muñoz , was responsible for the explosion and fire at a large fuel tank at Coaling Island on 30 June 1943 ; this mission , however , would be the first and the last for Muñoz , because he was cornered and arrested by British authorities in August , when he tried to smuggle a bomb into a weapons magazine inside Ragged Staff Cave . After being sentenced to death , he was hanged on 11 January 1944 in Gibraltar by British executioner Albert Pierrepoint . A member of an unrelated Abwehr sabotage network , Luis López Cordón @-@ Cuenca ( also arrested in 1943 ) was executed by Pierrepoint on the same day . Calvo himself was put under arrest by the Spanish police and neutralized . He would be a free man again in December , when he rejoined the Abwehr in Madrid , under direct orders of Wolfgang Blaum , aka Baumann , head of the sabotage section in Spain . After a Falangist attempt against the life of pro @-@ allied General José Enrique Varela , perpetrated by Sánchez Rubio network 's agent Juan José Domínguez and a meeting between Anthony Eden and the Spanish ambassador at London , Jacobo Fitz @-@ James Stuart , Abwehr activities around Gibraltar came to an end .
 Tetrarchs did not see any further combat and were deemed obsolete by 1946 ; the last was retired in 1950 . There were several variations on the Tetrarch design , including the Alecto self @-@ propelled gun and the Light Tank Mk VIII , but none of these were ever used in active service with the British Army .
 = = = Mixed martial arts = = =
 In 1788 Gore was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives . He took a leading role in adopting the state 's rules for actions required of it by the new federal constitution . By his proposal the legislature decided that presidential electors would be chosen by a joint session . He also proposed that the state House and Senate agree by separate votes on choices for the United States Senate , a process that would significantly reduce popular input to the choice . His choice was ultimately rejected in favor of a process whereby the House selected a slate of candidates , from which the Senate would choose one . In 1789 Gore decided to stand for reelection , but lost , owing to strong anti @-@ nationalist fervor in Boston at the time . He managed to win a seat later , when a special election was held after resignations opened several seats .
 Bradley Kent Stevens grew up in Zionsville , Indiana , where he developed his love for basketball . Starting at age five , Stevens would watch taped basketball games " before he went to afternoon kindergarten " . His father would often drive him to Bloomington , to watch Indiana Hoosiers games . " It 's hard not to be [ in love with basketball ] when you 're a kid growing up in Indiana " , Stevens later said .
 In 66 , there was a Jewish revolt in Judea stemming from Greek and Jewish religious tension . In 67 , Nero dispatched Vespasian to restore order . This revolt was eventually put down in 70 , after Nero 's death . This revolt is famous for Romans breaching the walls of Jerusalem and destroying the Second Temple of Jerusalem .
 Jared ( Paulo Sergio Gomes ) — lead vocals ( 1994 – current )
 Rather than disembark in nearby Mombasa , as originally thought by the evacuees , the ships were ordered back to Oman — a five @-@ day journey . The sailors and marines made way for the evacuees to share living quarters . When the chaplain of Guam asked crew to sign up as guides for the evacuees while aboard the vessel , two hundred signed up within an hour , and some of the sailors even dressed up as clowns to ease the ordeal for children . At the request of the ambassadors , a formal session with the ships ' senior officers was held to express their thanks . On 11 January , the evacuees were offloaded at Muscat , Oman . That afternoon , the American evacuees were flown to Frankfurt , Germany , from where they continued home .
 = = = Phylogeny = = =
 On 1 August , before leaving the US to take up his post in Mogadishu , Ambassador Bishop visited United States Central Command — the military command for the Middle East and northeast Africa — where he spent most of the day with its commander , Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf . Ambassador Bishop , aware of the ongoing strife , believed " the odds were better than even that we would have to leave Mogadishu under less than favorable circumstances . " Ambassador Bishop understood from his past experiences in Beirut and Liberia the importance of being prepared to deal with emergencies and spent the afternoon working with military experts to review the embassy 's Emergencies and Evacuation ( E & E ) plan until he was " satisfied ... that [ Central Command ] realized that it might have to conduct an evacuation from Mogadishu and was prepared to do that . " In its analysis of Operation Eastern Exit , the Center for Naval Analyses cited the Ambassador Bishop 's previous experience and " clear understanding of his role " in the operation as one of the reasons Operation Eastern Exit went so well .
 On release , the four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly applauded Kirby 's Block Ball for modifying the Breakout formula to create a new and enjoyable game . They especially praised the unique power @-@ ups , though Crispin Boyer and Sushi X also felt the game was too short and easy . Nintendo Power said they enjoyed Block Ball and its number of stages , but wondered how its eight megabits of memory were being used . The magazine found the parts where Kirby eats the unbreakable blocks to be innovative . All six of the magazine 's reviewers recommended the game .
 QuackShot was released to mostly positive reviews from video game journalists . The game was universally lauded for its graphics , with magazines like Sega Pro describing them as " some of the best graphics around . " The game was also praised for its music and puzzles , as well as their clever use in the game . However , QuackShot was criticized for its controls , being described by IGN as " float @-@ y " and making certain segments of the game unnecessarily difficult . The game was also criticized for its lack of difficulty overall as well as its lack of speech samples , which several other Genesis games of the time had .
 Butler finished the year ranked # 2 in the Coaches ' Poll , the highest ranking in school history . The school was ranked for 19 consecutive weeks , tying the school record .
 = = = = Constantinople Flotilla = = = =
 " Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " features the reappearance of Weevil after an absence of five episodes ; during filming of the third season , Capra was undergoing medical treatment . Series creator Rob Thomas pointed out Logan and Piz 's fight scene as one of the highlights of the episode and the season . In its original broadcast , the episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics , with many praising the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week .
 Experts disagree over whether temnospondyls were ancestral to modern amphibians ( frogs , salamanders , and caecilians ) , or whether the whole group died out without leaving any descendants . Different hypotheses have placed modern amphibians as the descendants of temnospondyls , another group of early tetrapods called lepospondyls , or even as descendants of both groups ( with caecilians evolving from lepospondyls and frogs and salamanders evolving from temnospondyls ) . Recent studies place a family of temnospondyls called the amphibamids as the closest relatives of modern amphibians . Similarities in teeth , skulls , and hearing structures link the two groups .
 Intramuros is the historic center of Manila . Originally , it was considered to be Manila itself at the time when the Philippines was under the Spanish Empire colonial rule . Owing to its history and cultural value , Intramuros and Rizal Park are designated as flagship destination to become a tourism enterprise zone in the Tourism Act of 2009 . Intramuros is managed by the Intramuros Administration ( IA ) .
 = = Provenance = =
 = = = Career = = =
 The final evolution of ironclad propulsion was the adoption of the triple @-@ expansion steam engine , a further refinement which was first adopted in HMS Sans Pareil , laid down in 1885 and commissioned in 1891 . Many ships also used a forced draught to get additional power from their engines , and this system was widely used until the introduction of the steam turbine in the mid @-@ 1900s ( decade ) .
 Manila is the second most populous city in the Philippines after the former capital Quezon City with a population of 1 @,@ 780 @,@ 148 in 2015 . Because of its small land area and huge population , Manila is regarded as one of the most densely populated cities in the world with 42 @,@ 857 people per square kilometer . Manila is one of the sixteen cities and a municipality that make up Metro Manila , the National Capital Region of the Philippines . In 2012 , Globalization and World Cities Research Network listed Manila as a global city .
 Kershaw made his playoff starting debut against the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2009 National League Division Series ( NLDS ) . He went 62 ⁄ 3 innings , striking out 4 , walking 1 , and ended up getting a no @-@ decision ( the Dodgers went on to win the game in the 9th inning ) . At 21 years old , he started the opener of the 2009 NLCS against the Philadelphia Phillies and was the third youngest pitcher to ever start a playoff series opener , behind only Fernando Valenzuela in the 1981 NLDS and Rick Ankiel in the 2000 NLDS .
 The attack tapered off with the coming of daylight , but that night it resumed . The North Koreans struck repeatedly at the defense line . This time they continued the fighting into the daylight hours of 9 September . The Air Force then concentrated strong air support over the regimental perimeter to aid the ground troops . Casualties came to the aid stations from the infantry companies in an almost steady stream during the morning . All available men from Headquarters Company and special units were formed into squads and put into the fight at the most critical points . At one time , the regimental reserve was down to six men . When the attack finally ceased shortly after 12 : 00 the 23rd Regiment had an estimated combat efficiency of only 38 percent .
 The Ise class were the only Japanese battleships to place the powder magazine above the shell magazine as the IJN wished to put as much space as possible between the highly flammable propellant and mine and torpedo detonations . The danger from plunging shells at long distances was not appreciated until the fatal magazine explosions of three British battlecruisers during the 1916 Battle of Jutland graphically demonstrated the point . To further protect the magazines the depth of the double bottom was increased to a total of 3 @.@ 58 metres ( 11 ft 9 in ) underneath the barbettes and magazines . Additionally , the vessels contained 660 watertight compartments to preserve buoyancy in the event of battle damage . In addition to the torpedo bulge added when the ships were modernized , the deck armour over the machinery and magazines was increased to a total thickness of 140 mm . Inside the original skin of the ships , two torpedo bulkheads were also added and the turret roofs were increased to a total of 152 millimetres ( 6 in ) of armour .
 When the North Koreans approached the Pusan Perimeter on August 5 , they attempted the same frontal assault technique on the four main avenues of approach into the perimeter . Throughout August , the NK 6th Division , and later the NK 7th Division engaged the US 25th Infantry Division at the Battle of Masan , initially repelling a UN counteroffensive before countering with battles at Komam @-@ ni and Battle Mountain . These attacks stalled as UN forces , well equipped and with plenty of reserves , repeatedly repelled North Korean attacks . North of Masan , the NK 4th Division and the US 24th Infantry Division sparred in the Naktong Bulge area . In the First Battle of Naktong Bulge , the North Korean division was unable to hold its bridgehead across the river as large numbers of US reserve forces were brought in to repel it , and on August 19 , the NK 4th Division was forced back across the river with 50 percent casualties . In the Taegu region , five North Korean divisions were repulsed by three UN divisions in several attempts to attack the city during the Battle of Taegu . Particularly heavy fighting took place at the Battle of the Bowling Alley where the NK 13th Division was almost completely destroyed in the attack . On the east coast , three more North Korean divisions were repulsed by the South Koreans at P 'ohang @-@ dong during the Battle of P 'ohang @-@ dong . All along the front , the North Korean troops were reeling from these defeats , the first time in the war their strategies were not working .
 Released in North America on September 17 , 1999 , American Beauty was positively received by critics and audiences ; it was the best @-@ reviewed American film of the year and grossed over $ 356 million worldwide . Reviewers praised most aspects of the production , with particular emphasis on Mendes , Spacey , and Ball ; criticism focused on the familiarity of the characters and setting . DreamWorks launched a major campaign to increase the film 's chances of Academy Award success ; at the 72nd Academy Awards the following year , the film won Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor ( for Spacey ) , Best Original Screenplay , and Best Cinematography . It was nominated for and won many other awards and honors , mainly for the direction , writing , and acting .
 = = = Image impedance = = =
 All properties which had been confiscated by Domitian were returned to their respective families . Nerva also sought to involve the Senate in his government , but this was not entirely successful . He continued to rely largely on friends and advisors that were known and trusted , and by maintaining friendly relations with the pro @-@ Domitianic faction of the Senate , he incurred hostility which may have been the cause for at least one conspiracy against his life .
 On Chichi @-@ jima , Typhoon Koppu produced sustained winds of 102 km / h ( 63 mph ) , with gusts to 200 km / h ( 124 mph ) , which was the third strongest on record for the station . Rainfall there reached 183 mm ( 7 @.@ 2 in ) . Wind gusts on Iwo Jima peaked at 109 km / h ( 68 mph ) .
 On 18 July 1940 , after the attack on the French Fleet at Mers @-@ el @-@ Kébir by the British , the Vichy government authorized a bombing raid of Gibraltar as a response . Little damage was reported to have been done .
 According to Tacitus , upon hearing news of the fire , Nero returned to Rome to organize a relief effort , which he paid for from his own funds . Nero 's contributions to the relief extended to personally taking part in the search for and rescue of victims of the blaze , spending days searching the debris without even his bodyguards . After the fire , Nero opened his palaces to provide shelter for the homeless , and arranged for food supplies to be delivered in order to prevent starvation among the survivors .
 Manila has architecturally significant buildings in a wide range of styles spanning distinct historical and cultural periods . Architectural styles reflect American , Spanish , Chinese , and Malay influences . Prominet Filipino architects such as Antonio Toledo , Felipe Roxas , Juan M. Arellano and Tomás Mapúa have designed significant buildings in Manila such as churches , government offices , theaters , mansions , schools and universities .
 Bintulu / biːnˈtuːluː / ( Chinese : 民都魯 ; pinyin : Míndūlǔ ; Pe ̍ h @-@ ōe @-@ jī : Bîn @-@ to ͘ -ló ͘ ) is a coastal town on the island of Borneo in the central region of Sarawak , Malaysia . Bintulu is located 610 kilometres ( 380 mi ) northeast of Kuching , 216 kilometres ( 134 mi ) northeast of Sibu , and 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) southwest of Miri . With a population of 114 @,@ 058 as of 2010 , Bintulu is the capital of the Bintulu District of the Bintulu Division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
 Australia , managed by the Office of Australian War Graves in the Australian Department of Veterans Affairs on behalf of the CWGC , is responsible for Australia , Norfolk Island , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands
 = = = Author = = =
 " The Snowmen " was originally intended to be produced in the fourth production block of the series and be the first episode Coleman shot as her character ; however , it did not begin filming until the week of 6 August 2012 , after Coleman had worked on later episodes while Moffat was writing the Christmas special . The read @-@ through had taken place on 2 August 2012 . This was the first Christmas special to be filmed in BBC Wales ' new Roath Lock studios . Scenes featuring Coleman and several guest stars in a Victorian setting were filmed in Newport , Wales , while Coleman and Smith were also spotted filming in Bristol two weeks later on 21 August . Some scenes which used snow props were filmed in Portland Square , Bristol , where filming took place overnight on 21 – 22 August 2012 . Bristol was chosen because it had Victorian @-@ era architecture . Pickwood stated that his favourite set is the London Street with the back of the pub , which he said was based on a sixteenth @-@ century building in Oxford . The locations were blocked off and sprayed with fake snow .
 Although Gore was well received by the British establishment , the work suffered from what Gore called a " tediousness of process " , and he considered requesting a transfer in 1798 . In 1800 it ground to a halt because another board established by the treaty to resolve outstanding Revolutionary War claims against the United States had not yet met , and the British stopped the claims processing until resolution of the other issues got underway . Gore used this break to briefly return to America and assess the condition of his Waltham estate , where the house had been largely destroyed by fire in 1799 . After his return to London , with the commission work still stopped , he and Rebecca embarked on a tour of Europe . They visited Holland , Belgium , and Switzerland , and spent six months in Paris . During this trip , and later ones in England and Scotland , they took note of the architecture of country estates , and began planning a new house for their Waltham property .
 The weakness of the breech @-@ loader was the obvious problem of sealing the breech . All guns are powered by the explosive conversion of gunpowder into gas . This explosion propels the shot or shell out of the front of the gun , but also imposes great stresses on the gun @-@ barrel . If the breech — which experiences some of the greatest forces in the gun — is not entirely secure , then there is a risk that either gas will discharge through the breech or that the breech will break . This in turn reduces the muzzle velocity of the weapon and can also endanger the gun crew . The Warrior 's Armstrong guns suffered from both problems ; the shells were unable to penetrate the 4 @.@ 5 in ( 118 mm ) armor of Gloire , while sometimes the screw which closed the breech flew backwards out of the gun on firing . Similar problems were experienced with the breech @-@ loading guns which became standard in the French and German navies .
 James Brooke was appointed the White Rajah of Sarawak ( now known as Kuching ) by the Bruneian Empire in 1841 . In 1861 , the Sultanate of Brunei ceded the Bintulu region to Brooke . Bintulu was a small settlement at that time . A wooden fort named Fort Keppel was built in the village , named after Sir Henry Keppel , who was a close friend of the Rajah James and Charles Brooke . Sir Henry Keppel was responsible for crushing the Dayak piracy in the Saribas between 1840 and 1850 . Meanwhile , Charles Brooke was a nephew of James Brooke and would later become the latter 's successor as the second Rajah of Sarawak . Odoardo Beccari , an Italian botanist , visited Bintulu in 1867 . On 4 August , he started his journey on a gunboat named " Heartsease " , which was to send $ 6 @,@ 000 to Brunei for concessions being made to James Brooke in the Mukah and Bintulu regions . He went to Labuan before coming back to Bintulu . He dropped off at Kemena River on 13 August 1867 . His observations of the village were recorded as follows :
 Christian writer Tertullian ( c . 155 – 230 ) was the first to call Nero the first persecutor of Christians . He wrote , " Examine your records . There you will find that Nero was the first that persecuted this doctrine " . Lactantius ( c . 240 – 320 ) also said that Nero " first persecuted the servants of God " . as does Sulpicius Severus . However , Suetonius writes that , " since the Jews constantly made disturbances at the instigation of Chrestus , he [ emperor Claudius ] expelled them from Rome " ( " Iudaeos impulsore Chresto assidue tumultuantis Roma expulit " ) . These expelled " Jews " may have been early Christians , although Suetonius is not explicit . Nor is the Bible explicit , calling Aquila of Pontus and his wife , Priscilla , both expelled from Italy at the time , " Jews " .
 UB @-@ 1 and UB @-@ 2 were laid down on 1 November 1914 at the Germaniawerft yard at Kiel . UB @-@ 1 was launched on 22 January 1915 , just 75 working days later . UB @-@ 2 's launch followed on 13 February . Among the Weser boats , UB @-@ 9 was laid down first , on 6 November 1914 , and launched on 6 February 1915 , a week ahead of UB @-@ 2 . These first three boats launched underwent trials in home waters , but most of the other members of the class were shipped via rail and underwent trials at their assembly point .
 = = Early publications and statements of intent = =
 The 9th Infantry Regiment had planned Task Force Manchu on orders from the 2nd Division commander Major General Laurence B. Keiser , which in turn had received instructions from Eighth United States Army commander Lieutenant General Walton Walker for aggressive patrolling . Keiser decided the patrol should cross the river at the Paekchin ferry . The 9th Infantry reserve , E Company , reinforced with one section of light machine guns from H Company , was to be the attack force . The 1st Platoon , 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , was to transport it across the river in assault boats the night of August 31 . Two heavy weapons companies , D and H , were each to furnish one section of heavy machine guns , one section of 81 @-@ mm. mortars , and one section of 75 @-@ mm. recoilless rifles for supporting fires . A platoon of 4 @.@ 2 @-@ inch mortars was also to give support .
 On the July 21 , 2014 episode of Raw , Triple H announced that Lesnar would face John Cena at SummerSlam for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship . At SummerSlam , Lesnar defeated Cena to become the WWE World Heavyweight Champion , and during the match he delivered sixteen suplexes ( most of which were German suplexes ) and two F @-@ 5s to Cena , who barely managed any offense . On the August 19 episode of Main Event , Triple H announced that Cena was invoking his championship rematch clause against Lesnar at Night of Champions , where Lesnar was disqualified due to Seth Rollins interfering , but retained his championship , which could not be lost via disqualification . Later in the year , after Rollins reunited with The Authority , he was added to Lesnar and Cena 's championship match at Royal Rumble , making it a triple threat match , which Lesnar won despite suffering a storyline broken rib during the match .
 Many temnospondyls are much larger than living amphibians , and superficially resemble crocodiles . Others are smaller and resemble salamanders . Most have broad , flat heads that are either blunt ( brevirostrine ) or elongated ( longirostrine ) . The skulls are rounded or triangular in shape when viewed from above , and are usually covered in pits and ridges . The rugged surfaces of bones may have supported blood vessels , which could transfer carbon dioxide to the bones to neutralize acidic build up in the blood ( early semiaquatic tetrapods would have had difficulty expelling carbon dioxide from their bodies while on land , and these dermal bones may have been an early solution to the problem ) . Many temnospondyls also have canal @-@ like grooves in their skulls called sensory sulci . The sulci , which usually run around the nostrils and eye sockets , are part of a lateral line system used to detect vibrations in water . As semiaquatic animals , most temnospondyls have small limbs with four toes on each front foot and five on each hind foot . Terrestrial temnospondyls have larger , thicker limbs , and some even have claws . One unusual terrestrial temnospondyl , Fayella , has relatively long limbs for its body , and probably lived as an active runner able to chase prey .
 Large reserves of natural gas were discovered off the coast of Bintulu in 1969 . Following this , a feasibility study was done in 1975 , and Tanjung Kidurong was found to be a suitable site for a deep @-@ water port . On 14 June 1978 , Malaysia LNG Sdn Bhd ( MLNG Satu ) was established by Petronas , a Malaysian national oil and gas company for Liquefied Natural Gas ( LNG ) processing at Bintulu . On 8 July 1978 , the Bintulu Development Authority ( BDA ) was established by the Sarawak state government for infrastructure development and to promote industrial investment in the area . On 15 August 1981 , the Bintulu Port Authority was established at Tanjung Kidurong , starting operation on 1 January 1983 . Since the establishment of Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy ( SCORE ) in 2008 , Bintulu become the gateway to Samalajau Industrial Park , which is located 62 kilometres ( 39 mi ) away from Bintulu . The industrial park is a centre of heavy , energy @-@ intensive industry . Among the companies that started their operations in the industrial park are Tokuyama Malaysia Sdn Bhd , Press Metal Bintulu Sdn Bhd , and OM Materials Sdn Bhd .
 Divisoria in Tondo is dubbed as the " shopping mecca of the Philippines " . Numerous shopping malls are located in this place , which sells products and goods at bargain price . Small vendors occupies several roads that causes pedestrian and vehicular traffic . A famous landmark in Divisoria is the Tutuban Center , a large shopping mall that is a part of the Philippine National Railways ' Main Station . It attracts 1 million people every month , but is expected to add another 400 @,@ 000 people when the LRT @-@ 2 West Extension is constructed , making it Manila 's busiest transfer station .
 Following the demonstration of the power of explosive shells against wooden ships at the Battle of Sinop , and fearing that his own ships would be vulnerable to the Paixhans guns of Russian fortifications in the Crimean War , Emperor Napoleon III ordered the development of light @-@ draft floating batteries , equipped with heavy guns and protected by heavy armor . Experiments made during the first half of 1854 proved highly satisfactory , and on 17 July 1854 , the French communicated to the British Government that a solution had been found to make gun @-@ proof vessels and that plans would be communicated . After tests in September 1854 , the British Admiralty agreed to build five armoured floating batteries on the French plans , establishing the important Thames and Millwall Iron Works within the docks .
 Oxaziridines undergo cycloaddition reactions with heterocumulenes to afford a number of unique five membered heterocycles , as depicted in the figure below . This reactivity is due to the strained three membered ring and weak N @-@ O bond .
 The selectivity of some hydroxylations may be drastically improved in some cases with the addition of coordinating groups alpha to the oxaziridine ring as oxaziridines 3b and 3c in the table above . In these instances it is proposed that the reaction proceeds through a closed transition state where the metal oxyanion is stabilized by chelation from the sulfate and coordinating groups on the camphor skeleton .
 The cost to rebuild Rome was immense , requiring funds the state treasury did not have . Nero devalued the Roman currency for the first time in the Empire 's history . He reduced the weight of the denarius from 84 per Roman pound to 96 ( 3 @.@ 85 grams to 3 @.@ 35 grams ) . He also reduced the silver purity from 99 @.@ 5 % to 93 @.@ 5 % — the silver weight dropping from 3 @.@ 83 grams to 3 @.@ 4 grams . Furthermore , Nero reduced the weight of the aureus from 40 per Roman pound to 45 ( 8 grams to 7 @.@ 2 grams ) .
 Manila is known for its distinct Art Deco theaters which are designed by National Artists such as Juan Nakpil and Pablo Antonio . The historic Escolta Street in Binondo features many buildings of neo @-@ classical and beaux @-@ arts architectural style , many of which were designed by prominent Filipino architects during the American Rule in the 1920s to the late 1930s . Many architects , artists , historians and heritage advocacy groups are pushing for the revival of Escolta Street , which was once the premier street of the Philippines .
 In the fall of 1944 , Rifenburg enrolled at the University of Michigan . The United Press syndicate ran a feature article about Rifenburg in September 1944 that opened as follows : " Another great end has made his appearance on the Big Ten football horizon in the person of Dick Rifenburg , 18 @-@ year @-@ old Michigan freshman . Every so often a great offensive end comes along , a player who has to learn how to play defense , but who has the natural speed , smooth actions , height and big hands that is the mark of an outstanding pass receiver . Rifenburg has laid claim to that rating . A loose @-@ limbed 180 @-@ pound freshman from Saginaw , Mich . , Rifenberg is being boomed as the Big Ten 's next ' freshman sensation . ' " As a freshman , he caught two touchdown passes in his first college football game against Iowa . In an article titled " Teens and TNT , " Time reported on Rifenburg 's performance : " Of the few teams already in action , Michigan 's teens rang the freshman bell loudest last week by winning their opener , 12 -to @-@ 7 , against the strong Iowa Seahawks ( Naval Pre @-@ Flight ) ; 6 @-@ ft . 4 Freshman End Dick Rifenburg caught passes and ran for both Michigan touchdowns . "
 = = Husbands @-@ Hankin era = =
 = = = Armament changes = = =
 Stevens prefers to recruit strong team players instead of going after " top recruits . " " The guys we [ have ] recruited , most of them weren 't very highly ranked , " Stevens says . " They had very good high school careers or careers at other places ( transfers ) , but for one reason or the other they weren 't seen as great players . But they all had intangibles . " Stevens puts a strong emphasis on education and has said he would only recruit a " one and done " player if he was committed to getting his degree while playing professionally .
 = = = Television = = =
 In the Philippines , officials evacuated over 14 @,@ 000 people . Imbudo was the strongest typhoon to strike since Typhoon Zeb five years prior , The typhoon left widespread areas flooded for several days . Damage was heaviest in the Cagayan Valley , where over 80 @,@ 000 people were displaced by the storm . In Isabela , high winds wrecked most of the banana crop and severely damaged other crops . Throughout the Philippines , Imbudo damaged or destroyed 62 @,@ 314 houses , causing P4.7 billion ( 2003 PHP , $ 86 million 2003 USD ) in damage . There were 64 deaths in the country . In southern China in Yangjiang , more than 30 @,@ 000 people evacuated ahead of the storm , and more than half of the trees in the city fell due to strong winds . High winds killed a man in Hong Kong after knocking him off a platform . Throughout Guangdong , Imbudo destroyed 595 @,@ 000 houses and caused eight deaths . Heavy rains spread across southern China , peaking at 343 mm ( 13 @.@ 5 in ) at Hepu County in Guangxi province . There , 12 people died from the storm . Overall damage in China was about ¥ 4 @.@ 45 billion ( CNY , $ 297 million USD ) .
 = = Professional career = =
 San Francisco , California . A replica of San Lorenzo Head 1 created by Ignacio Perez Solano was placed in San Francisco City College , Ocean Campus in October 2004 .
 British ships did not participate in any major wars in the ironclad period . The Royal Navy 's ironclads only saw action as part of colonial battles or one @-@ sided engagements like the bombardment of Alexandria in 1882 . Defending British interests against Ahmed ' Urabi 's Egyptian revolt , a British fleet opened fire on the fortifications around the port of Alexandria . A mixture of centre @-@ battery and turret ships bombarded Egyptian positions for most of a day , forcing the Egyptians to retreat ; return fire from Egyptian guns was heavy at first , but inflicted little damage , killing only five British sailors . Few Egyptian guns were actually dismounted , on the other hand , and the fortifications themselves were typically left intact . Had the Egyptians actually utilised the heavy mortars that were at their disposal , they might have quickly turned the tide , for the attacking British ironclads found it easy ( for accuracy 's sake ) to simply anchor whilst firing — perfect targets for high @-@ angle fire upon their thinly armoured topdecks .
 In 2006 , Forbes magazine ranked Manila " the world 's most congested city " . Manila has become notorious for its frequent traffic jams and high densities . The government has undertaken several projects to alleviate the traffic in the city . Some of the projects include : the construction of a new flyover at Sampaloc , the construction of the Metro Manila Skyway Stage 3 , the proposed LRT Line 2 ( west ) extension from Recto to Tondo or the Port Area , and the expansion of several national and local roads . However , such projects have yet to make any meaningful impact , and the traffic jams and congestion continue unabated . The urban planning of the Manila and the whole metropolis was based on the Metro Manila Dream Plan , which seeks to address the problems of Metro Manila 's urban planning and transportation . It consists of a list of short term priority projects and medium to long term infrastructure projects that will last up to 2030 .
 Liaison planes rose from the division strip every hour to observe the North Korean progress and to locate US 2nd Infantry Division front @-@ line units . Communication from division and regimental headquarters to nearly all the forward units was broken . Beginning at 09 : 30 and continuing throughout the rest of the day , the light aviation section of the division artillery located front @-@ line units cut off by the North Koreans , and made fourteen airdrops of ammunition , food , water , and medical supplies . As information slowly built up at division headquarters it became apparent that the North Koreans had punched a hole 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) wide and 8 miles ( 13 km ) deep in the middle of the division line and made less severe penetrations elsewhere . The front @-@ line battalions of the US 9th and 23rd Regiments were in various states of disorganization and some companies had virtually disappeared . Keiser hoped he could organize a defense along the Changnyong @-@ Yongsan road east of the Naktong River , and prevent North Korean access to the passes eastward leading to Miryang and Ch 'ongdo .
 = = = Rise to power = = =
 = = Emperor ( 54 – 68 AD ) = =
 Since Manila is prone to earthquakes , the Spanish colonial architects invented the style called Earthquake Baroque which the churches and government buildings during the Spanish colonial period adopted . As a result , succeeding earthquakes of the 18th and 19th centuries barely affected Manila , although it did periodically level the surrounding area . Modern buildings in and around Manila are designed or have retrofitted to withstand an 8 @.@ 2 magnitude quake in accordance to the country 's building code .
 In the Russian novel War and Peace , Leo Tolstoy devoted several pages to the battle , its prelude , and its aftermath , and the delivery of its news to the Tsar by Prince Andrew . Between Dürenstein and Rossatz , at the edge of the Loiben plain , stands the " Little Frenchman " memorial ( see image ) erected in 1905 to commemorate the battle ; it bears the names of Mortier , Gazan , Kutuzov , Schmitt , and others on a copper @-@ engraved plate .
 = = Background = =
 The ten colossal heads from San Lorenzo originally formed two roughly parallel lines running north @-@ south across the site . Although some were recovered from ravines , they were found close to their original placements and had been buried by local erosion . These heads , together with a number of monumental stone thrones , probably formed a processional route across the site , powerfully displaying its dynastic history . Two of the San Lorenzo heads had been re @-@ carved from older thrones .
 According to Stevens , in one of his first games as head coach , he was nervous and " felt like our team played on edge " because of it . He decided that a team 's play will reflect the mood of its coach ; a calm coach means a team that will remain poised in difficult game situations , while a nervous coach means a team that plays on edge . " I don ’ t want to lose a game because of my approach , " he told himself . Accordingly , he developed a strategy of always remaining calm and focused during games . He rarely raises his voice or gets emotional , instead quietly observing on the sideline with folded arms . He does not get upset about bad calls by referees or player mistakes , preferring to focus on " the next play " rather than what just happened . Butler player Willie Veasley explained Butler 's 2010 Final Four run by saying , " When those big runs [ by Syracuse and Kansas State ] came , Coach called a timeout and said a few calm words . Then he said he believes in us , he loves us and we 're going to win the game . " On the rare occasion Stevens feels the need to correct a player , he does it with " positive reinforcement , just at a little louder decibel " , according to former assistant coach Matthew Graves . Above all , Stevens wants his players to be confident , not living in fear of being yanked for making a bad play .
 In 1948 , President Elpidio Quirino moved the seat of government of the Philippines to Quezon City , a new capital city in the suburbs and fields northeast of Manila , created in 1938 by former President Manuel L. Quezon , which was named after him . The move ended any implementation of the Burnham Plan 's intent for the government centre to be at Luneta .
 The origins of the hurricane were from a tropical wave that possibly spawned a tropical depression on August 27 , although there was minimal data over the next few days as it tracked to the west @-@ northwest . On August 31 , a nearby ship reported gale force winds , which indicated that a tropical storm had developed to the east @-@ northeast of the Lesser Antilles . Based on continuity , it is estimated the storm attained hurricane status later that day . Moving quickly to the west @-@ northwest , the storm passed north of the Lesser Antilles and Puerto Rico . Early on September 2 , a ship called the Gulfwing reported a barometric pressure of 978 mbar ( 28 @.@ 88 inHg ) , which confirmed that the storm attained hurricane status . After passing north of the Turks and Caicos islands , the hurricane struck Eleuthera and Harbour Island in the Bahamas on September 3 , the latter at 1100 UTC . A station on the latter island reported a pressure of 27 @.@ 90 inHg ( 945 mb ) during the 30 minute passage of the eye . Based on the pressure and the small size of the storm , it is estimated the hurricane struck Harbour Island with peak winds of 140 mph ( 225 km / h ) , making it the equivalent of a modern Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir @-@ Simpson scale . Interpolation suggested that the storm reached major hurricane status , or Category 3 status , on September 2 .
 = = Early life = =
 According to the contemporary poet Martial , Nero also held Nerva 's literary abilities in high esteem , hailing him as the " Tibullus of our time " . Another prominent member of Nero 's entourage was Vespasian , an old and respected general who had celebrated military triumphs during the 40s . It appears Vespasian befriended Nerva during his time as an imperial advisor , and may have asked him to watch over Vespasian 's youngest son Domitian when Vespasian departed for the Jewish war in 67 .
 Within the North @-@ western Pacific Ocean , both the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assign names to tropical cyclones that develop in the Western Pacific , which can result in a tropical cyclone having two names . The Japan Meteorological Agency 's RSMC Tokyo — Typhoon Center assigns international names to tropical cyclones on behalf of the World Meteorological Organization 's Typhoon Committee , should they be judged to have 10 @-@ minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km / h , ( 40 mph ) . While the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135 ° E and 115 ° E and between 5 ° N @-@ 25 ° N even if the cyclone has had an international name assigned to it . The names of significant tropical cyclones are retired , by both PAGASA and the Typhoon Committee . Should the list of names for the Philippine region be exhausted then names will be taken from an auxiliary list of which the first ten are published each season . Unused names are marked in gray .
 Me ( Et ) C = O + NH3 + H2O2 → Me ( Et ) CONH + H2O
 Very early in Nero 's rule , problems arose from competition for influence between Agrippina and Nero 's two main advisers , Seneca and Burrus . Agrippina also attempted to influence the young Nero . Agrippina also is mentioned by ancient sources as " scheming for her son ( Nero ) " . This scheming continued as is evidenced by the coin of the both of them . It is extremely unusual to see a women 's face on a coin in the ancient world . It is because of this position of power Agrippina felt jealous as Seneca in particular rose up in Nero 's court as he offered the advice Nero wanted to hear unlike his mother .
 Stevens attended Zionsville Community High School , where he became a star basketball player . He wore No. 31 in high school in honor of Indiana Pacers guard Reggie Miller . During his freshman year , he would get up early to practice shooting at a local gym before school . The hard work paid off as Stevens made the varsity team that same year . By the time his high school career was complete , Stevens had set school records for career scoring , assists , steals , and three @-@ point field goals . As of 2010 , he still holds the records for points ( 1508 ) , assists ( 444 ) , and steals ( 156 ) , as well as the single @-@ season points record ( 644 in 1995 ) . Stevens was named to the all @-@ conference team three times . In 1995 , he was named the sectional MVP and was the leading scorer in state sectional play ( 32 @.@ 3 ppg ) .
 Following Callaghan 's visit , some barricades were breached , but the majority remained while the people awaited concrete evidence of reform . Still the army made no move to enter the area . Law and order was maintained by a ' peace corps ' — volunteers organised by the DCDA to patrol the streets and man the barricades . There was very little crime . Punishment , in the words of Eamonn McCann , " as often as not consisted of a stern lecture from Seán Keenan on the need for solidarity within the area . " In September the barricades were replaced with a white line painted on the road .
 During Night of Champions , it was announced that Lesnar would face The Undertaker at the Hell in a Cell pay @-@ per @-@ view , where Lesnar defeated The Undertaker after a low blow and F @-@ 5 onto the exposed ring floor , ending their feud . The match was later voted " Match of the Year " during the 2015 Slammy Awards . On the January 11 episode of Raw , Lesnar returned , attacking The New Day , The League of Nations ( Sheamus , King Barrett , Rusev , and Alberto Del Rio ) , and Kevin Owens , before giving an F @-@ 5 to Roman Reigns . The following week on Raw , Lesnar would brawl with Reigns until they were both attacked by The Wyatt Family . At the Royal Rumble , Lesnar was the 23rd entrant , eliminating four competitors before being eliminated by Bray Wyatt with help from the rest of The Wyatt Family .
 = = Classification = =
 Kidurong Tower is an observation tower located at Tanjung Kidurong . It offers a view of the Bintulu oil and gas facilities shortly after nightfall . Bintulu Promenade is a 3 @-@ kilometre ( 2 mi ) walkway along the Bintulu coastline with the Kemena River mouth as its focal point . It has the observation points offering sunset views . There is also an 18 @-@ hole golf course at Bintulu .
 Like the other poems making up the Four Quartets , Little Gidding deals with the past , present , and future , and humanity 's place within them as each generation is seemingly united . In the second section , there is a ghost who is the compilation of various poets , including Dante , Swift , Yeats , and others . When the ghost joins the poet , the narrator states " Knowing myself yet being someone other " . This suggests that the different times merge at the same time that the different personalities begin to merge , allowing a communication and connection with the dead . Later , in the fourth section , humanity is given a choice between the Holy Spirit or the bombing of London ; redemption or destruction . God 's love allows humankind to be redeemed and escape the living hell through purgation by fire . The end of the poem describes how Eliot has attempted to help the world as a poet . He parallels his work in language with working on the soul or working on society .
 A 70 @-@ metre @-@ long ( 229 ft 8 in ) flight deck was built above the stern and stretched forward to the rebuilt aft superstructure . The flight deck was 29 metres ( 95 ft 2 in ) wide at its forward end and 13 metres ( 42 ft 8 in ) at the stern . It overhung the stern and increased the overall length of the ships to 219 @.@ 62 metres ( 720 ft 6 in ) . A pair of rotating gunpowder @-@ propelled catapults were fitted on the sides of the hull , forward of the aft superstructure where they partially restricted the arc of fire of the two amidships turrets . They could launch aircraft up to 4 @,@ 600 kilograms ( 10 @,@ 100 lb ) in weight and required 30 seconds to launch each aircraft . The flight deck had eight permanent storage positions connected by rails to the catapults and the hydraulically operated aircraft lift that brought the aircraft up from the hangar below on the trolleys used to move the floatplanes about . Two aircraft were intended to be stowed on the catapults and three more in temporary positions on the flight deck for a total of thirteen .
 Earlier in the morning Dupont had proceeded with his column south and east along the river , from Marbach , according to instructions . Even before the arrival of Mortier 's courier , he heard the sound of artillery in the distance and sent riders ahead to discover the cause . They came back to report that a Russian column ( Dokhturov 's ) was descending from the mountains to take the road to Dürenstein . Realizing this would separate him from the forward division , Dupont hustled his troops toward the sound of battle and deployed them to take the Russians in the flank . The French assault , heralded by cannon fire , caused Dokhturov 's troops to turn their attention from Gazan 's beleaguered force to face these new assailants . Although superior in numbers , Dokhturov 's column had no supporting artillery , and the narrow space prevented them from taking advantage of their size . It was Dokhturov 's turn to face attackers at his front and rear , until the arrival of Schmitt 's column , which had wended its way through the mountains in the west .
 In London , home @-@ comers were making claims on the evacuees ’ wartime accommodation and 500 Gibraltarians were re @-@ evacuated to Scotland and 3 @,@ 000 to camps in Northern Ireland . Although the Governor , Lt. General Sir Noel Mason @-@ MacFarlane , fought valiantly on behalf of the evacuees and did not accept the lack of accommodation as a sufficient reason for the delays . As late as 1947 there were still 2 @,@ 000 in Northern Irish camps . The last of the evacuees did not see the Rock again until 1951 .
 = = = Only in Amerika ( 2004 ) = = =
 Temnospondyls , like all amphibians , reproduced in aquatic environments . Most temnospondyls probably reproduced through external fertilization . Like most living frogs , female temnospondyls would have laid masses of eggs in water while males released sperm to fertilize them . Several fossils were described from the Early Permian of Texas in 1998 that may be egg masses of dissorophoid temnospondyls . They were the first known fossils of amphibian eggs . The fossils consist of small disks with thin membranes that are probably vitelline membranes and halo @-@ like areas surrounding them that are most likely mucous coatings . They are attached to plant fossils , suggesting that these temnospondyls laid eggs on aquatic plants much like modern frogs . The mucous membranes show that the eggs were laid by amphibians , not fish ( their eggs lack mucous ) , but the type of amphibian that laid them cannot be known because no body fossils are preserved with the eggs . The eggs are thought to be from dissorophoids because they are likely to be close relatives of modern amphibians , and probably had similar reproductive strategies . They are also the most common amphibians from the deposit in which the eggs were found .
 Olmec colossal heads vary in height from 1 @.@ 47 to 3 @.@ 4 metres ( 4 @.@ 8 to 11 @.@ 2 ft ) and weigh between 6 and 50 tons . All of the Olmec colossal heads depict mature men with flat noses and fleshy cheeks ; the eyes tend to be slightly crossed . The general physical characteristics of the heads are of a type that is still common among people in the Olmec region in modern times . The backs of the heads are often flat , as if the monuments were originally placed against a wall . All examples of Olmec colossal heads wear distinctive headdresses that probably represent cloth or animal hide originals . Some examples have a tied knot at the back of the head , and some are decorated with feathers . A head from La Venta is decorated with the head of a bird . There are similarities between the headdresses on some of the heads that has led to speculation that specific headdresses may represent different dynasties , or perhaps identify specific rulers . Most of the heads wear large earspools inserted into the ear lobes .
 Later in the morning North Korean barges crossed the Naktong below A Company . The company sent a squad with a light machine gun to the southern tip of the ridge overlooking Agok to take these troops under fire . When the squad reached the tip of the ridge they saw that a North Korean force occupied houses at its base . The company hit these houses with artillery . The North Koreans broke from the houses , running for the river . At this the light machine gun at the tip of the ridge took them under fire , as did another across the Naktong to the south in the US 25th Infantry Division sector . Proximity fuze artillery fire decimated this group . Combined fire from all weapons inflicted an estimated 300 casualties on this North Korean force . In the afternoon , US aircraft dropped food and ammunition to the company ; only part of it was recovered . The 1st Battalion ordered A Company to withdraw the company that night .
 Gomes , in addition to the 9 / 11 Truth movement , has expressed support for social liberal politicians such as Nancy Pelosi and president Barack Obama . Previously however , Gomes ' 2004 lyrics for Only in Amerika expressed support for nationalism , and called for retaliation against Al Qaeda for the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks .
 Lesnar returned on the June 15 episode of Raw as a fan favorite , being chosen by The Authority as the number one contender to Rollins ' WWE World Heavyweight Championship at Battleground . On July 4 , Lesnar made his first non @-@ televised wrestling appearance for WWE since his 2012 return , defeating Kofi Kingston at The Beast in the East live event in Tokyo in a quick winning effort ; he also delivered F @-@ 5s to Kingston 's New Day stablemates Big E and Xavier Woods after the match . On July 19 at Battleground , Lesnar dominated Rollins , delivering 13 suplexes ; mid @-@ pinfall , after performing an F @-@ 5 , he was attacked by The Undertaker , who incapacitated Lesnar with a chokeslam and two Tombstone Piledrivers ; this ended the match , with Lesnar winning by disqualification and Rollins retaining the championship .
 Most aquatic stereospondyls have flattened heads . When feeding , they probably opened their mouths by lifting their skulls instead of lowering their lower jaws . The jaw mechanics of the plagiosaurid Gerrothorax is well known , and is one of the most highly adapted . Gerrothorax is thought to have lifted its skull to around 50 ° above horizontal through the flexing of the atlanto @-@ occipital joint between the occipital condyles of the skull and the atlas vertebra of the neck . As the skull is raised , the quadrate bone pushes forward and causes the lower jaw to protrude outward . Other stereospondyls probably also lifted their skulls , but they are not as well adapted for such movement . D.M.S. Watson was the first to suggest skull lifting as a means of feeding in temnospondyls . He envisioned that Mastodonsaurus , a much larger temnospondyl than Gerrothorax , was able to make the same movement . Paleontologist A.L. Panchen also supported the idea in 1959 , suggesting that Batrachosuchus also fed in this way . At the time it was thought that these temnospondyls lifted their heads with strong jaw muscles , but it is now thought that they used larger muscles in the neck that were attached to the large pectoral girdle . Plagiosuchus , a close relative of Gerrothorax , also has a hyobranchial skeleton that muscles may have attached to . Plagiosuchus has very small teeth and a large area for muscle attachment behind the skull , suggesting that it could suction feed by rapidly opening its mouth .
 David Jeffries of Allmusic gave the album a mildly positive review , citing Arjona 's return to his more mainstream style after the " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " Poquita Ropa . He compared ( as did Arjona and other critics ) the production values and musical style of Independiente with past albums Animal Nocturno and Historias . Finally , he stated that " Returning fans will revel in this combination of freedom and growth , and appreciate the return of producer Tommy Torres , the man who has been behind the boards for quite a few of Arjona 's most popular releases " ( referring to Torres ' absence from the production of Poquita Ropa ) .
 American Beauty was not considered an immediate favorite to dominate the American awards season . Several other contenders opened at the end of 1999 , and US critics spread their honors among them when compiling their end @-@ of @-@ year lists . The Chicago Film Critics Association and the Broadcast Film Critics Association named the film the best of 1999 , but while the New York Film Critics Circle , the National Society of Film Critics and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association recognized American Beauty , they gave their top awards to other films . By the end of the year , reports of a critical backlash suggested American Beauty was the underdog in the race for Best Picture ; however , at the Golden Globe Awards in January 2000 , American Beauty won Best Film , Best Director and Best Screenplay .
 After 1872 , steel started to be introduced as a material for construction . Compared to iron , steel allows for greater structural strength for a lower weight . The French Navy led the way with the use of steel in its fleet , starting with the Redoutable , laid down in 1873 and launched in 1876 . Redoutable nonetheless had wrought iron armor plate , and part of her exterior hull was iron rather than steel .
 = = February - July 1972 = =
 = Dick Rifenburg =
 American Beauty had its European premiere at the London Film Festival on November 18 , 1999 ; in January 2000 , it began to screen in various territories outside North America . It debuted in Israel to " potent " returns , and limited releases in Germany , Italy , Austria , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Finland followed on January 21 . After January 28 opening weekends in Australia , the United Kingdom , Spain and Norway , American Beauty had earned $ 7 million in 12 countries for a total of $ 12 @.@ 1 million outside North America . On February 4 , American Beauty debuted in France and Belgium . Expanding to 303 theaters in the United Kingdom , the film ranked first at the box office with $ 1 @.@ 7 million . On the weekend of February 18 — following American Beauty 's eight nominations for the 72nd Academy Awards — the film grossed $ 11 @.@ 7 million from 21 territories , for a total of $ 65 @.@ 4 million outside North America . The film had " dazzling " debuts in Hungary , Denmark , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , and New Zealand .
 Many N @-@ sulfonyloxaziridines are used today , each with slightly different properties and reactivity . These reagents are summarized in the table below .
 a myriad of additional Jewish cultural / religious issues , such as the acceptance of intermarried couples , adherence to kosher dietary laws , the use of modern language and music during worship services , rewriting of certain prayers such as the Aleynu to make them less ethnocentric , and so on .
 = = Conversion to hybrid carriers = =
 A second favourite epithet of Chinese critics is that of " poet sage " ( 詩聖 shī shèng ) , a counterpart to the philosophical sage , Confucius . One of the earliest surviving works , The Song of the Wagons ( from around 750 ) , gives voice to the sufferings of a conscript soldier in the imperial army and a clear @-@ sighted consciousness of suffering . These concerns are continuously articulated in poems on the lives of both soldiers and civilians produced by Du Fu throughout his life .
 Cassius Dio ( c . 155 – 229 ) was the son of Cassius Apronianus , a Roman senator . He passed the greater part of his life in public service . He was a senator under Commodus and governor of Smyrna after the death of Septimius Severus ; and afterwards suffect consul around 205 , and also proconsul in Africa and Pannonia .
 As part of its promotion , One Direction performed the song on televised programmes and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) . One Direction performed the track on The Today Show at the Rockefeller Center on 13 November 2012 , to a record crowd estimated at 15 @,@ 000 . " Kiss You " was included in the set list of the group 's 3 December 2012 sold @-@ out show at New York City 's Madison Square Garden . One Direction delivered a performance of " Kiss You " , in front of a video game @-@ themed set , on the final of the ninth series of The X Factor UK on 10 December 2012 . According to the Daily Mail , their " energetic rendition " of " Kiss You " proved that the group have an elusive quality . On 12 December 2012 , the group also performed the number on the final of the second season of The X Factor USA . Considering One Direction the " franchise 's biggest success story " , an editor for The Huffington Post opined that the boy band 's prominent presence on both the US and UK versions of The X Factor seemed fitting . Not only Take Me Home Tour , they also performance in Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) & On the Road Again Tour ( 2015 )
 The album was composed over a one @-@ year period . Most of its production was handled by three producers familiar with Arjona 's work : Dan Warner , Lee Levin and Dan Rudin . Tommy Torres also produced three tracks : the lead single " El Amor " , second single " Fuiste Tú " and " Hay Amores " . Victor Patrón produced two songs , ( " Caudillo " and the piano version of " Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " ) and Julio Chávez aided in the production of " Reconciliación " . Arjona wrote all the songs except " El Amor " ( which was co @-@ written with Torres ) . The album was recorded and produced in several cities in the United States and Mexico . Independiente was mixed at the Blue Grotto in Nashville , Tennessee , and mastered by Tom Coyne and Aya Merrill at Sterling Sound in New York City . With Torres ' return to producing Arjona regained the classic , trademark sound which Torres helped develop since 2005 .
 It is ironic that Rifenburg was born in Petoskey , Michigan in 1926 for several reasons . Ted Petoskey preceded Rifenburg as an All @-@ American end on the University of Michigan football team . Petoskey had excelled as a representative of Saginaw County in MHSAA competition . Petoskey posted significant football accomplishments in 1926 making 1926 a significant year for himself as well . Achieving All @-@ American status as an end at Michigan would be Rifenburg 's next step after excelling in MHSAA competition .
 On October 27 , an area of convection with a broad circulation persisted southeast of Guam , and slowly consolidated due to moderate wind shear and westerly outflow . That day , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) classified the system as a tropical depression about 380 km ( 235 mi ) to the southeast of Hagåtña , Guam . At 2100 UTC on October 28 , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) began issuing advisories on the depression , giving it the local name Vinta . The next day , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Krosa ( 1329 ) , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) also classified it as Tropical Depression 29W . By that time , the storm was moving steadily westward due to the subtropical ridge to the north . With the warm waters of the Philippine Sea , lessening wind shear , and improving outflow , Krosa gradually strengthened , and the JTWC also upgraded Krosa to tropical storm status on October 30 after an eye feature developed .
 The 2010 series allowed each team to make use of a 19 @-@ man active roster . Exceptions were made in two cases that allowed teams ' active rosters to expand to 21 players , both times for the same reason . Two games during the season had to be postponed because of poor weather . Both games involved teams meeting for the first time during the season ; make @-@ up games were scheduled at the start of the return series between the teams , and this resulted in two four @-@ game series . In both cases , the teams had a 19 @-@ man roster for the make @-@ up game , and an expanded 21 @-@ man roster for the originally scheduled series .
 The 1916 preface to Some Imagist Poets comments " Imagism does not merely mean the presentation of pictures . Imagism refers to the manner of presentation , not to the subject . "
 = = = West of Lockport = = =
 In the script that was sent to prospective actors and directors , Lester and Angela had sex ; by the time of shooting , Ball had rewritten the scene to the final version . Ball initially rebuffed counsel from others that he change the script , feeling they were being puritanical ; the final impetus to alter the scene came from DreamWorks ' then @-@ president Walter Parkes . He convinced Ball by indicating that in Greek mythology , the hero " has a moment of epiphany before [ ... ] tragedy occurs " . Ball later said his anger when writing the first draft had blinded him to the idea that Lester needed to refuse sex with Angela to complete his emotional journey — to achieve redemption . Jinks and Cohen asked Ball not to alter the scene right away , as they felt it would be inappropriate to make changes to the script before a director had been hired . Early drafts also included a flashback to Col. Fitts ' service in the Marines , a sequence that unequivocally established his homosexual leanings . In love with another Marine , Col. Fitts sees the man die and comes to believe that he is being punished for the " sin " of being gay . Ball removed the sequence because it did not fit the structure of the rest of the film — Col. Fitts was the only character to have a flashback — and because it removed the element of surprise from Col. Fitts ' later pass at Lester . Ball said he had to write it for his own benefit to know what happened to Col. Fitts , though all that remained in later drafts was subtext .
 = Christopher Gore =
 The Tevis novel had been optioned several times , including by Frank Sinatra , but attempts to adapt it for the screen were unsuccessful . Director Rossen 's daughter Carol Rossen speculates that previous adaptations focused too much on the pool aspects of the story and not enough on the human interaction . Rossen , who had hustled pool himself as a youth and who had made an abortive attempt to write a pool @-@ themed play called Corner Pocket , optioned the book and teamed with Sidney Carroll to produce the script .
 Kinberg 's wife Alice was a strong feminist , and during the 1980s he and his wife supported a number of changes to the liturgy and ritual . These included allowing women to read from the Torah and lead the prayers , and changing prayers to be more gender inclusive - for example , using gender @-@ neutral terms and pronouns for God , and adding references to the Biblical matriarchs in prayers like the Amidah , which traditionally only mentioned the Biblical patriarchs . While most congregation members approved of these changes , a minority resisted them .
 Shellback — writing
 Credits are taken from Independiente liner notes .
 The An Lushan Rebellion began in December 755 , and was not completely suppressed for almost eight years . It caused enormous disruption to Chinese society : the census of 754 recorded 52 @.@ 9 million people , but ten years later , the census counted just 16 @.@ 9 million , the remainder having been displaced or killed . During this time , Du Fu led a largely itinerant life unsettled by wars , associated famines and imperial displeasure . This period of unhappiness was the making of Du Fu as a poet : Even Shan Chou has written that , " What he saw around him — the lives of his family , neighbors , and strangers – what he heard , and what he hoped for or feared from the progress of various campaigns — these became the enduring themes of his poetry " . Even when he learned of the death of his youngest child , he turned to the suffering of others in his poetry instead of dwelling upon his own misfortunes . Du Fu wrote :
 = = = World War I = = =
 In 64 , Rome burned . Nero enacted a public relief effort as well as significant reconstruction . A number of other major construction projects occurred in Nero 's late reign . Nero had the marshes of Ostia filled with rubble from the fire . He erected the large Domus Aurea . In 67 , Nero attempted to have a canal dug at the Isthmus of Corinth . Ancient historians state that these projects and others exacerbated the drain on the State 's budget .
 Jinks and Cohen involved Ball throughout the film 's development , including casting and director selection . The producers met with about 20 interested directors , several of whom were considered " A @-@ list " at the time . Ball was not keen on the more well @-@ known directors because he believed their involvement would increase the budget and lead DreamWorks to become " nervous about the content " . Nevertheless , the studio offered the film to Mike Nichols and Robert Zemeckis ; neither accepted . In the same year , Mendes ( then a theater director ) revived the musical Cabaret in New York with fellow director Rob Marshall . Beth Swofford of the Creative Artists Agency arranged meetings for Mendes with studio figures in Los Angeles to see if film direction was a possibility . Mendes came across American Beauty in a pile of eight scripts at Swofford 's house , and knew immediately that it was the one he wanted to make ; early in his career , he had been inspired by how the film Paris , Texas ( 1984 ) presented contemporary America as a mythic landscape and he saw the same theme in American Beauty , as well as parallels with his own childhood . Mendes later met with Spielberg ; impressed by Mendes ' productions of Oliver ! and Cabaret , Spielberg encouraged him to consider American Beauty .
 Gore 's wife died in 1834 ; the couple had no children . The major beneficiary of the Gore estate was Harvard ( which received an estimated $ 100 @,@ 000 ) , although bequests were also made to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Massachusetts Historical Society . The Waltham estate passed through several hands and was subdivided over time . The mansion was saved from demolition by the Gore Place Society ( established for the purpose of preserving it ) , which now operates it as a museum . It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970 .
 The Killing Fields ( film ) ( Hollywood & Cambodia )
 Two men , Séamas Cusack and Desmond Beattie , were shot dead in separate incidents in the early morning and afternoon of 8 July 1971 . They were the first people to be killed by the British Army in Derry . In both cases the British Army claimed that the men were attacking them with guns or bombs , while eyewitnesses insisted that both were unarmed . The Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) , the newly formed party of which John Hume and Ivan Cooper were leading members , withdrew from Stormont in protest , but among residents there was a perception that moderate policies had failed . The result was a surge of support for the IRA . The Provisionals held a meeting the following Sunday at which they called on people to " join the IRA " . Following the meeting , people queued up to join , and there was large @-@ scale rioting . The British Army post at Bligh 's Lane came under sustained attack , and troops there and around the city came under fire from the IRA .
 Although Rifenburg finished fourth among midwestern Heisman voters in 1948 , he did not finish among the top eight . By comparison , Notre Dame end Leon Hart won the Heisman Trophy in 1949 but made only eight of the 11 All @-@ American teams . It is not clear why Rifenburg did not finish higher . However , it is fairly clear that sportswriters of that era had a bias against Michigan . In the Associated Press poll at the end of the 1947 season , the Notre Dame Fighting Irish were ranked ahead of the University of Michigan , though both teams were undefeated . Some noted that every Southern AP voter had voted for Notre Dame , which had yet to integrate , whereas three of Michigan 's star players ( Bob Mann , Gene Derricotte , and Len Ford ) were African @-@ American . The Southern schools refused even to schedule games against schools that played African @-@ American players .
 Isaac Amsel – an 18 @-@ year @-@ old boy and witness at the trial ; he is the son of Isaac Amsel senior , former member of the search party killed earlier in a skirmish in São Paulo ; he joined the party to avenge his father 's death .
 = = Ongoing projects and issues = =
 In the summer of 2000 , Stevens was offered the opportunity to volunteer in the Butler basketball office . He ran the idea of quitting his job at Eli Lilly by then @-@ longtime girlfriend Tracy Wilhelmy . She thought about it for two hours before telling him to go for it . " Now , it looks like a great idea , " Stevens later remarked . " At the time , I thought it was something I really wanted to try . " Tracy went back to school to get a law degree that could support the couple if things did not work out for Brad . " We were 23 and realized this was our chance , " Tracy later said . " Five years down the road , we were probably not going to be in a position to do that . The more success you had at Lilly , the harder it would be to leave . "
 As evening approached , work began to prepare the HLZ for the main evacuation . The area was used as a parking lot and several vehicles were left without keys by staff that had already been evacuated . Some cars had to be broken into to be moved . Chemical lights were placed in the HLZ in a NATO " Y " pattern . The entire mission would be conducted with night vision goggles , which required all lights in the embassy compound to be turned off .
 Superfamily Archegosauroidea
 The Hustler is fundamentally a story of what it means to be a human being , couched within the context of winning and losing . Describing the film , Robert Rossen said : " My protagonist , Fast Eddie , wants to become a great pool player , but the film is really about the obstacles he encounters in attempting to fulfill himself as a human being . He attains self @-@ awareness only after a terrible personal tragedy which he has caused — and then he wins his pool game . " Roger Ebert concurs with this assessment , citing The Hustler as " one of the few American movies in which the hero wins by surrendering , by accepting reality instead of his dreams . "
 The Civil War saw more ironclads built by both sides , and they played an increasing role in the naval war alongside the unarmored warships , commerce raiders and blockade runners . The Union built a large fleet of fifty monitors modeled on their namesake . The Confederacy built ships designed as smaller versions of the Virginia , many of which saw action , but their attempts to buy ironclads overseas were frustrated as European nations confiscated ships being built for the Confederacy — especially in Russia , the only country to openly support the Union through the war . Only CSS Stonewall was completed , and she arrived in American waters just in time for the end of the war .
 Although he appeared to be an unlikely candidate on account of his age and weak health , Nerva was considered a safe choice precisely because he was old and childless . Furthermore , he had close connections with the Flavian dynasty and commanded the respect of a substantial part of the Senate . Nerva had seen the anarchy which had resulted from the death of Nero ; he knew that to hesitate even for a few hours could lead to violent civil conflict . Rather than decline the invitation and risk revolts , he accepted . The decision may have been hasty so as to avoid civil war , but neither the Senate nor Nerva appears to have been involved in the conspiracy against Domitian .
 = = = Return to Manchester United = = =
 The New York Times , USA Today , ESPN , and other commentators have attributed Butler 's success against teams with superior athletes to Stevens ' coaching style . The Times remarks , " the Bulldogs are very well prepared for their opponents , and they do not rattle easily " , and says that the resulting confidence has led to the team 's success . " He coaches to his personality and to his strengths , " Collier says . " Obviously , he has great rapport and communication ability with his team . " Yahoo ! Sports compared Stevens to legendary coach John Wooden writing " Brad Stevens is winning at Butler the Wooden way – calm and composed on the sideline . " Wooden agreed , saying , " I enjoy watching [ Stevens ] and very much enjoy [ Butler 's ] style of play . "
 = = = Hearing = = =
 One of the more famous modes of transportation in Manila is the jeepney . Patterned after U.S. army jeeps , these have been in use since the years immediately following World War II . The Tamaraw FX , the third generation Toyota Kijang , which competed directly with jeepneys and followed fixed routes for a set price , once plied the streets of Manila .
 = = = = Broadside ironclads = = = =
 Congress previously held office at the Old Congress Building . In 1972 , due to declaration of martial law , Congress was dissolved ; its successor , the unicameral Batasang Pambansa , held office at the new Batasang Pambansa Complex . When a new constitution restored the bicameral Congress , the House of Representatives stayed at the Batasang Pambansa Complex , while the Senate remained at the Old Congress Building . In May 1997 , the Senate transferred to a new building it shares with the Government Service Insurance System at reclaimed land at Pasay .
 From the outbreak of the Korean War and the invasion of South Korea by the North , the North Korean People 's Army had enjoyed superiority in both manpower and equipment over both the Republic of Korea Army and the United Nations forces dispatched to South Korea to prevent it from collapsing . The North Korean strategy was to aggressively pursue UN and ROK forces on all avenues of approach south and to engage them aggressively , attacking from the front and initiating a double envelopment of both flanks of the unit , which allowed the North Koreans to surround and cut off the opposing force , which would then be forced to retreat in disarray , often leaving behind much of its equipment . From their initial June 25 offensive to fights in July and early August , the North Koreans used this strategy to effectively defeat any UN force and push it south . However , when the UN forces , under the Eighth United States Army , established the Pusan Perimeter in August , the UN troops held a continuous line along the peninsula which North Korean troops could not flank , and their advantages in numbers decreased daily as the superior UN logistical system brought in more troops and supplies to the UN army .
 The name of Bintulu was derived from the local native language " Mentu Ulau " ( picking heads ) . Bintulu was a small fishing village when Rajah James Brooke acquired it in 1861 . Brooke later built a fort there in 1862 . In 1867 , the first General Council meeting ( now Sarawak State Legislative Assembly ) was convened in Bintulu . It is the earliest state legislature system in Malaysia . The construction of the earliest airstrip in Bintulu began in 1934 but was halted in 1938 due to financial difficulties . During World War II , the airstrip was heavily bombed by Allied forces . The British later rebuilt the airstrip , and it became fully operational in 1955 . The old airport was replaced by a new airport in 2002 . Bintulu remained a fishing village until 1969 when oil and gas reserves were discovered off the coast . Since then , Bintulu has become the centre of energy intensive industries such as a Malaysia LNG plant , a Shell Middle Distillate Synthesis plant , and a Bintulu combined cycle power plant . The economy has also expanded into oil palm and forest plantations , palm oil processing , wood @-@ waste processing , and cement manufacturing . The port of Bintulu is the busiest in Sarawak . The town is also a gateway to Samalajau Industrial Park .
 The congregation initially worshipped in a converted house on West Eighth Street . It constructed its first building on Portland Street in 1952 , and occupied its current LEED @-@ compliant facilities in 2008 .
 Osbert was accused of murdering William , specifically by poisoning him through the communion chalice . A fellow cleric , Symphorian , who had been a chaplain of the deceased archbishop , brought murder charges against Osbert . Symphorian obtained a hearing on the charges at a royal council presided over by King Stephen of England at Michaelmas in 1154 , but Stephen 's subsequent death prevented a resolution . Osbert attempted to have the trial switched to an ecclesiastical court and was supported in his efforts by Archbishop Theobald of Canterbury . A trial was finally held in 1156 and Osbert 's accuser did not produce any witnesses , but Osbert was unable to prove his innocence , prompting the transfer of the case to a papal court . No record of any judgment exists , but Osbert apparently appeared before two popes , Adrian IV and Alexander III . A further appeal to the papal court was referred to papal judges @-@ delegate between 1175 and 1180 .
 = = = Transportation = = =
 At the end of 66 , conflict broke out between Greeks and Jews in Jerusalem and Caesarea . According to the Talmud , Nero went to Jerusalem and shot arrows in all four directions . All the arrows landed in the city . He then asked a passing child to repeat the verse he had learned that day . The child responded , " I will lay my vengeance upon Edom by the hand of my people Israel " ( Ez . 25 @,@ 14 ) . Nero became terrified , believing that God wanted the Temple in Jerusalem to be destroyed , but would punish the one to carry it out . Nero said , " He desires to lay waste His House and to lay the blame on me , " whereupon he fled and converted to Judaism to avoid such retribution . Vespasian was then dispatched to put down the rebellion .
 = = = Takalik Abaj = = =
 Kershaw finished 2012 with a 14 – 9 record , a 2 @.@ 53 ERA ( leading the league ) , 229 strikeouts , and 2272 ⁄ 3 innings pitched , coming second in both categories . He became the first pitcher to lead the league in ERA in consecutive seasons since Arizona 's Randy Johnson in 2001 – 02 . This was also marked his fourth year in a row with a sub @-@ 3 @.@ 00 ERA , making him the first to do this since Randy Johnson from 1999 – 2002 . He finished second for the NL Cy Young behind R. A. Dickey , receiving two first place votes .
 During the night Schmitt established radio communication with the 1st Battalion , 9th infantry . When daylight came Schmitt and his group saw that they were surrounded by North Koreans . One force occupied the higher knob half a mile above them , formerly held by B Company . Below them , North Koreans continued crossing the river and moving supplies forward to their combat units , some of them already several miles eastward . The North Koreans quickly discovered Task Force Manchu group . They first attacked it at 14 : 00 that afternoon , and were repulsed . That night an estimated company attacked three times , pressing the fight to close quarters , but failed each time to penetrate the tight US perimeter . Daylight of the second day disclosed many North Korean dead on the steep slopes outside the perimeter .
 = = = History = = =
 Attalea is a large genus of palms native to Mexico , the Caribbean , Central and South America . This pinnately leaved , non @-@ spiny genus includes both small palms lacking an aboveground stem and large trees . The genus has a complicated taxonomic history , and has often been split into four or five genera based on differences in the male flowers . Since the genera can only be distinguished on the basis of their male flowers , the existence of intermediate flower types and the existence of hybrids between different genera has been used as an argument for keeping them all in the same genus . This has been supported by a recent molecular phylogeny .
 Mastodonsaurus and other similar animals were referred to as labyrinthodonts , named like Labyrinthodon for teeth that were highly folded in cross section . Owen 's " Labyrinthodon Jaegeri " was later found at Guy 's Cliffe , England by paleontologist William Buckland . Other specimens were found in the red sandstone of Warwickshire . As more fossils were uncovered in England , Owen depicted these labyrinthodonts as the " highest " form of batrachian and compared them to crocodiles , which he considered the highest form of reptiles . He also noted the large labyrinthodonts of the Keuper ( a unit of rocks that dates to the Late Triassic ) were younger than more advanced reptiles in the Magnesian and Zechstein , which are Late Permian in age . Owen used these fossils to counter the notion that reptiles evolved from a sequential progression from early amphibians ( what he called " metamorphosed fishes " ) .
 = = North African Campaign : 1942 = =
 = = Main characters = =
 = Temple Beth Israel ( Eugene , Oregon ) =
 Midday on May 18 , the JTWC began to monitor an area of persistent disturbed weather associated with a broad low @-@ pressure area southwest of Chuuk . Within highly conductive conditions , the disturbance quickly organized and became classified as a tropical depression at 0000 UTC the following day . In its initial stages , the depression tracked slowly northeastwards . However , a shortwave trough forced a weakness in a nearby ridge , allowing for the storm to take a more streamlined , northward path . At 1200 UTC on May 20 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Chan @-@ hom . Following the system 's naming , Chan @-@ hom temporarily meandered towards the northwest before resuming its northeasterly track . The next day , the storm began to develop an eye ; this was reflected with an upgrade by the JMA to typhoon status at 0600 UTC on May 23 . Gradual intensification followed , and at 1800 UTC that day Chan @-@ hom reached its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 155 km / h ( 100 mph ) and a minimum pressure of 940 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 76 inHg ) .
 = = = Pusan Perimeter = = =
 While offshore the Philippines , Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that caused flooding and left thousands homeless . The storm caused ₱ 131 million ( PHP , $ 2 @.@ 46 million USD ) in damage and 12 deaths . On the Japanese island of Iriomote @-@ jima , where wind gusts reached 204 km / h ( 127 mph ) . It also affected Taiwan , where floods covered highways and caused mudslides . In Japan , the storm caused widespread power outages , although damage was minimal , and there were 21 injuries . In South Korea , there was $ 12 @.@ 1 million in damage and two deaths .
 North Dakota State University Bison Tournament Champion ( 1997 – 1999 )
 = = = Libraries = = =
 The Senate tried to pass a law in which the crimes of one slave applied to all slaves within a household . Despite riots from the people , Nero supported the Senate on their measure , and deployed troops to organise the execution of 400 slaves affected by the law . However , he vetoed strong measures against the freedmen affected by the case .
 Second Column , Lieutenant General Essen , included six battalions of infantry , three battalions of grenadiers , and five squadrons of Hussars .
 = = Composition and reception = =
 Already 40 years old , Bacon viewed the exhibition as his last chance and applied himself to the task with determination . Because he had destroyed all his out of the last three years , he had little choice but to present new works . He did not have a grand plan when he agreed to the show , but eventually found themes that interested him in his Head I of the previous year , and executed five progressively stronger variants in the final weeks before the November exhibition , completing the series barely in time for the opening .
 = = Historiography = =
 In January 1944 , Edward Maufe was appointed Principal Architect for the UK . Maufe worked extensively for the Commission for 25 years until 1969 , becoming Chief Architect and also succeeding Kenyon as Artistic Advisor . Together with Maufe , the other Principal Architects appointed during and after the Second World War were Hubert Worthington , Louis de Soissons , Philip Hepworth and Colin St Clair Oakes .
 The Buena Vista Social Club
 = = = Protection = = =
 Manila is politically divided into 896 barangays , the smallest unit of local government in the Philippines . Each barangay has its own chairperson and councilors . For administrative convenience , all the barangays in Manila are grouped into 100 zones . These zones have no form of local government .
 Nerva was succeeded without incident by his adopted son Trajan , who was greeted by the Roman populace with much enthusiasm . According to Pliny the Younger , Trajan dedicated a temple in honour of Nerva , yet no trace of it has ever been found ; nor was a commemorative series of coins for the Deified Nerva issued until ten years after his death . According to Cassius Dio , however , the Guard prefect responsible for the mutiny against Nerva , Casperius Aelianus , was ' dismissed ' upon Trajan 's accession .
 Following the departure of Ben Foster from Manchester United to Birmingham City , United manager Alex Ferguson declared that Amos would be Manchester United 's third @-@ choice goalkeeper for the 2010 – 11 season behind Edwin van der Sar and Tomasz Kuszczak . He made his first appearance of the season on 26 October 2010 , starting in goal for United 's 3 – 2 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers in the fourth round of the League Cup .
 In the 1950s , major economic activities in Bintulu were the timber extraction industry , fishing , and Sago processing . In the 1960s , Bintulu was still a small fishing village , with a population of 5 @,@ 000 . No roads were constructed in Bintulu until 1969 when the first untarred road was built to connect Bintulu to Miri . The first bus that serviced the Miri – Bintulu route was owned by Majlis Amanah Rakyat ( MARA ) . The MARA bus line was an initiative by the Malaysian federal government to provide public transportation for the people . The Iban villagers paid the bus driver with " vegetables , chickens , bamboo shoots , and other items " . Before 1960 , Bintulu was connected to Kuching by sea through a ship named " Swee Joo " . After 1960 , the ship " Chin Chin " was added to the route . It took around 36 to 48 hours to reach Bintulu from Kuching , depending on the sea conditions . Due to lack of food supplies from Kuching , the villagers had to make do with limited food , and several villagers resorted to hunting in the jungles to supplement the food supply .
 = = = Multiple interpretations = = =
 = = = Severe Tropical Storm Melor ( Viring ) = = =
 On the other hand , Wallace Stevens found shortcomings in the Imagist approach : " Not all objects are equal . The vice of imagism was that it did not recognize this . " With its demand for hardness , clarity and precision and its insistence on fidelity to appearances coupled with its rejection of irrelevant subjective emotions Imagism had later effects that are demonstratable in T. S. Eliot 's ' Preludes ' and ' Morning at the Window ' and in D. H. Lawrence 's animal and flower pieces . The rejection of conventional verse forms in the nineteen @-@ twenties owed much to the Imagists repudiation of the Georgian Poetry style .
 Similajau National Park is located 30 km ( 19 mi ) northeast of the town . The park was gazetted in 1976 , covering an area of 8 @,@ 996 ha ( 22 @,@ 230 acres ) ( 89 @.@ 96 km2 ( 35 sq mi ) with sandy beaches , rocky headlands , jungle streams , and forests . Other national parks that can be accessed along the Miri – Bintulu road are the Lambir Hills National Park and Niah National Park .
 = = = Family = = =
 In his book The Lives of the Twelve Caesars , Suetonius describes Nero as " about the average height , his body marked with spots and malodorous , his hair light blonde , his features regular rather than attractive , his eyes blue and somewhat weak , his neck over thick , his belly prominent , and his legs very slender . "
 = = = Battle of Agok = = =
 On 30 January 2015 he joined Championship club Bolton Wanderers on a month 's loan to provide competition for Andy Lonergan after Ádám Bogdán was ruled out with an ankle injury picked up in training . On 21 February 2015 he made his Bolton debut as a substitute for the injured Lonergan as Wanderers lost 4 – 1 to Nottingham Forest at the City Ground . He played nine Championship games for Bolton before his loan expired on 4 April .
 Above the cut @-@ off frequency the image impedance is imaginary ,
 Africa , Asia and Pacific Area is headed by a director and is responsible for areas not covered by any of the other bodies .
 The accompanying music video , directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously directed One Direction 's music videos for " Live While We 're Young " and " Little Things " , was designed to showcase the group 's comedic timing . Inspired by the Beach Boys , cult surfing films , old Hollywood , and British cinema , the music video incorporates " a technicolor vibe and a British kind of romp " , as noted by Arnell in a MTV News interview .
 Du Fu 's work is notable above all for its range . Chinese critics traditionally used the term 集大成 ( jídàchéng- " complete symphony " ) , a reference to Mencius ' description of Confucius . Yuan Zhen was the first to note the breadth of Du Fu 's achievement , writing in 813 that his predecessor , " united in his work traits which previous men had displayed only singly " . He mastered all the forms of Chinese poetry : Chou says that in every form he " either made outstanding advances or contributed outstanding examples " . Furthermore , his poems use a wide range of registers , from the direct and colloquial to the allusive and self @-@ consciously literary . This variety is manifested even within individual works : Owen identifies the , " rapid stylistic and thematic shifts " in poems which enable the poet to represent different facets of a situation , while Chou uses the term " juxtaposition " as the major analytical tool in her work . Du Fu is noted for having written more on poetics and painting than any other writer of his time . He wrote eighteen poems on painting alone , more than any other Tang poet . Du Fu 's seemingly negative commentary on the prized horse paintings of Han Gan ignited a controversy that has persisted to the present day .
 The Zrinski Battalion ( Croatian : Bojna Zrinski ) was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard ( Zbor narodne garde – ZNG ) and later of the Croatian Army ( Hrvatska vojska – HV ) established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991 , during the Croatian War of Independence . The unit drew personnel from the special police forces and a former French Foreign Legion troops serving as its core . The battalion was set up and initially commanded by Ante Roso , while Major Miljenko Filipović took over as the commanding officer in August .
 Nero 's father , Gnaeus , was the son of Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus ( consul 16 BC ) and Antonia Major . Gnaeus was thus the grandson of Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus ( consul 32 BC ) and probably Aemilia Lepida on his father 's side , and the grandson of Mark Antony and Octavia Minor on his mother 's side . Thus , Nero had as his paternal grandmother Antonia Major , and also claimed more remote descent from Antonia Minor as a great @-@ grandson — later grandson after Claudius adopted him .
 The building block of constant k filters is the half @-@ section " L " network , composed of a series impedance Z , and a shunt admittance Y. The " k " in " constant k " is the value given by ,
 = = Critical reception = =
 Keith and Vinnie debate on Piz ’ s radio show , and Vinnie gathers some support about his lax underage drinking policy . Wallace notices someone following him , and the student wants to recruit him for a secret society . Vinnie insults Keith ’ s handling of his home life , and Veronica hits him on the head lightly . She helps Weevil retrace his steps and notices one of her criminology classmates , Jenny ( Dianna Agron ) , involved with one of Weevil ’ s clients . Veronica deduces that Jenny and her circle of friends are responsible for creating the fake student IDs , disseminating them , and implicating Weevil . Logan and Dick ( Ryan Hansen ) go surfing , and they run into Veronica , Piz , and Mac helping Wallace ( Percy Daggs III ) with his final project for a class . Veronica learns that one of Jenny ’ s group lives in the same town in Georgia where the student ID machines are made .
 Family Peltobatrachidae
 = = = First battles between ironclads : the U.S. Civil War = = =
 Family Dendrerpetontidae
 The 42 men of the 2nd Platoon , B Company , 23rd Infantry held outpost positions on seven hills covering a 2 @,@ 600 yards ( 2 @,@ 400 m ) front along the east bank of the Naktong north of Pugong @-@ ni . Across the river in the rice paddies they could see , in the afternoon of August 31 , two large groups of North Korean soldiers . Occasionally artillery fire dispersed them . Just before dark , the platoon saw a column of North Koreans come out of the hills and proceed toward the river . They immediately reported to the battalion command post . The artillery forward observer , who estimated the column at 2 @,@ 000 people , thought they were refugees . Freeman immediately ordered the artillery to fire on the column , reducing its number . However the North Koreans continued their advance .
 Release / Rolling German
 Gerald Badgley as the millionaire 's baby
 The season began with the formation of Tropical Storm Yanyan on January 15 . After its dissipation five days later , no tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity developed over the next two months . This period of inactivity ended with the formation of Typhoon Kujira in mid @-@ April ; Kujira was one of the longest lived Pacific storms on record and was the first typhoon with 1 @-@ minute sustained winds of at least 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) in April since Typhoon Isa in 1997 . Tropical activity was enhanced from May to June , and during this period the JMA monitored four tropical storms , while the PAGASA monitored a fifth storm off the eastern Philippines . Three of the four tropical storms monitored by the JMA approached or hit Japan , including Typhoon Soudelor , which brought heavy rainfall and wind across the Ryukyu Islands and the Korean Peninsula .
 During the season 21 named tropical cyclones developed in the Western Pacific and were named by the Japan Meteorological Agency , when it was determined that they had become tropical storms . These names were contributed to a list of a 140 names submitted by the fourteen members nations and territories of the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee .
 The concept of Nero as the Antichrist is often a central belief of Preterist eschatology .
 In storm information below , wind @-@ speed advisories differ from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) to the JMA as the JTWC uses the United States criteria of 1 @-@ minute mean to designate maximum sustained winds , while the JMA uses the 10 @-@ minute mean wind criteria to designate tropical cyclone maximum sustained winds . This difference generally results in JTWC maximum winds appearing higher than the maximum winds described by the JMA for the same cyclone .
 Temple Beth Israel 's services and religious functions were lay @-@ led for decades . Its first rabbi was Marcus Simmons . Originally from England , he was a graduate of University of London and Oxford University , and was ordained at the Hebrew Theological Seminary . He emigrated to the United States in 1957 , and joined Beth Israel in 1959 . The members were not , however , agreed that a full @-@ time rabbi was required , and in 1961 , he accepted a rabbinical position in Downey , California .
 Subsequently , it weakened and made landfall at Jupiter , Florida , early on September 4 with winds of 125 mph ( 201 km / h ) . The hurricane moved across the state , passing near Tampa before moving into Georgia and dissipating . In Florida , the strong winds of the cyclone blew buildings off their foundations , and numerous trees were prostrated in citrus groves . The Treasure Coast region received the most extensive destruction , and Stuart , Jupiter , and Fort Pierce were heavily damaged . Inland , the cyclone weakened rapidly but produced prodigious amounts of rain , causing a dam to collapse near Tampa . The storm caused $ 3 million in damage ( 1933 USD ) after damaging or destroying 6 @,@ 848 homes .
 Ironclads were widely used in South America . Both sides used ironclads in the Chincha Islands War between Spain and the combined forces of Peru and Chile in the early 1860s . The powerful Spanish Numancia participated in the Battle of Callao but was unable to inflict significant damage to the Callao defences . Besides , Peru was able to deploy two locally built ironclads based on American Civil War designs , the Loa ( a wooden ship converted into a casemate ironclad ) and the Victoria ( a small monitor armed with a single 68 @-@ pdr gun ) , as well as two British @-@ built ironclads : Independencia , a centre @-@ battery ship , and the turret ship Huáscar . Numancia was the first ironclad to circumnavigate the world , arriving in Cádiz on 20 September 1867 , and earning the motto : " Enloricata navis que primo terram circuivit " [ " First ironclad ship to sail around the world " ] ) . In the War of the Pacific in 1879 , both Peru and Chile had ironclad warships , including some of those used a few years previously against Spain . While the Independencia ran aground early on , the Peruvian ironclad ' Huáscar made a great impact against Chilean shipping , delaying Chilean ground invasion by six months . She was eventually caught by two more modern Chilean centre @-@ battery ironclads , the Blanco Encalada and the Almirante Cochrane at the Battle of Angamos Point .
 In contrast , a Time magazine article at the time felt that Steiner 's intention for the Hitler speech was to use it to explore his previously stated belief " that Hitler wielded language as an almost supernatural force " , drawing attention to Nazi hunter Emmanuel Lieber 's warning from the book regarding Hitler : " There shall come a man who ... will know the grammar of hell and teach it to others . He will know the sounds of madness and loathing and make them seem music . "
 In 422 , Augustine of Hippo wrote about 2 Thessalonians 2 : 1 – 11 , where he believed Paul mentioned the coming of the Antichrist . Though he rejects the theory , Augustine mentions that many Christians believed that Nero was the Antichrist or would return as the Antichrist . He wrote , " so that in saying , ' For the mystery of iniquity doth already work , ' he alluded to Nero , whose deeds already seemed to be as the deeds of Antichrist . "
 Nero was persuaded to participate in the Olympic Games of 67 in order to improve relations with Greece and display Roman dominance . As a competitor , Nero raced a ten @-@ horse chariot and nearly died after being thrown from it . He also performed as an actor and a singer . Though Nero faltered in his racing ( in one case , dropping out entirely before the end ) and acting competitions , he won these crowns nevertheless and paraded them when he returned to Rome . The victories are attributed to Nero bribing the judges and his status as emperor .
 Among the tourist attractions in Bintulu are Similajau National Park , Tumbina Park , Tanjung Batu beach , Jepak village , Kuan Yin Tong temple , Assyakirin mosque , Council Negri monument , Tamu Bintulu , and Pasar Utama markets . The Borneo International Kite Festival is held annually in the town .
 = = = Legacy = = =
 = View of the World from 9th Avenue =
 Family Sclerocephalidae
 The Rizal complex had hosted several multi @-@ sport events , such as the 1954 Asian Games and the 1934 Far Eastern Games . Whenever the country hosts the Southeast Asian Games , most of the events are held at the complex , but in the 2005 Games , most events were held elsewhere . The 1960 ABC Championship and the 1973 ABC Championship , forerunners of the FIBA Asia Championship , was hosted by the complex , with the national basketball team winning on both tournaments . The 1978 FIBA World Championship was held at the complex although the latter stages were held in the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City , Southeast Asia 's largest indoor arena at that time .
 Shortly after development , Koni tracked through the Philippines , killing two people . After moving into the South China Sea , turbulence produced by the storm resulted in an aviation incident involving a commercial airliner off the western Philippines . Three of the plane 's occupants received minor injuries . In Hainan , Koni caused heavy rainfall , peaking at 189 mm ( 7 @.@ 44 in ) at a station on Wuzhi Mountain . The rains resulted in the collapse of 1 @,@ 400 homes and an estimated CN ¥ 140 @.@ 27 million ( US $ 16 @.@ 9 million ) in direct economic losses . Effects were worst in Vietnam , where three people were killed . Widespread power outages occurred , and strong winds resulted in agricultural and infrastructural damage , particularly in Vietnam 's northern provinces .
 = = Plot summary = =
 = = = French VIII . Corps ( Corps Mortier ) = = =
 = = Early life = =
 Ohio Valley Wrestling
 Picked by many to lose a first @-@ round match @-@ up against Old Dominion , Butler advanced on a last @-@ second tip @-@ in by Howard . Howard was also clutch in their next game , hitting a free throw with a less than one second remaining to beat Pitt in a dramatic finish . Shelvin Mack scored 30 points in the win . Butler won their next game when they defeated Wisconsin . On March 26 , 2011 , the Bulldogs beat Florida 74 – 71 in overtime to earn back @-@ to @-@ back trips to the Final Four . On April 2 , Butler beat fellow Cinderella team VCU 70 – 62 to make it to a second consecutive national championship game . For the second consecutive year , the Bulldogs fell in the national championship game , this time to Connecticut .
 In 1952 , the congregation constructed a one @-@ story synagogue building on an almost 1 acre ( 0 @.@ 40 ha ) property at 2550 Portland Street . Designed by architect and Holocaust @-@ survivor Heinrich Hormuth ( H.H. ) Waechter , the building featured an interior courtyard that provided natural lighting , and " a network of ceiling beams painted with symbols and shapes " by Waechter .
 The production selected two adjacent properties on the Warner backlot 's " Blondie Street " for the Burnham and Fitts ' homes . The crew rebuilt the houses to incorporate false rooms that established lines of sight — between Ricky and Jane 's bedroom windows , and between Ricky 's bedroom and Lester 's garage . The garage windows were designed specifically to obtain the crucial shot toward the end of the film in which Col. Fitts — watching from Ricky 's bedroom — mistakenly assumes that Lester is paying Ricky for sex . Mendes made sure to establish the line of sight early on in the film to make the audience feel a sense of familiarity with the shot . The house interiors were filmed on the backlot , on location , and on soundstages when overhead shots were needed . The inside of the Burnhams ' home was shot at a house close to Interstate 405 and Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles ; the inside of the Fitts ' home was shot in the city 's Hancock Park neighborhood . Ricky 's bedroom was designed to be cell @-@ like to suggest his " monkish " personality , while at the same time blending with the high @-@ tech equipment to reflect his voyeuristic side . The production deliberately minimized the use of red , as it was an important thematic signature elsewhere . The Burnhams ' home uses cool blues , while the Fitts ' is kept in a " depressed military palette " .
 The 3rd District ( 2015 population : 197 @,@ 242 ) covers Binondo , Quiapo , San Nicolas and Santa Cruz .
 1 ^ Lesnar 's IWGP Heavyweight Championship reign at IGF is considered a continuation of his reign from NJPW .
 The prototype of the Light Tank Mk VII ( A17 ) , nicknamed ' Purdah ' , was first developed in 1937 by Vickers @-@ Armstrongs as a private venture , and was intended to be sold either to the British Army or to foreign militaries . It was to be the latest in a series of light tanks produced by the company . The tank was designed to overcome the shortcomings of insufficient armament in earlier light tanks that were fitted only with machine guns . Vickers @-@ Armstrong installed on the Mk VIIs a 2 @-@ pounder 40 @-@ millimetre ( 1 @.@ 6 in ) main gun paired with a 7 @.@ 92 @-@ millimetre ( 0 @.@ 312 in ) Besa machine gun , and mounted the two guns in a two @-@ man turret . The tank possessed a maximum of 14 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 55 in ) of armour . The prototype weighed approximately 16 @,@ 800 pounds ( 7 @,@ 600 kg ) and was powered by a 165 @-@ horsepower ( 123 kW ) Meadows engine . Suspension was on eight road wheels , four per side , with no separate driver or idler wheels and it was capable of a 40 miles per hour ( 64 km / h ) top speed . The Mk VII design relied on an unusual steering method and a mechanical system incorporated into earlier Vickers models . The front wheels could be steered to allow for gentle turns by bending the tracks . For sharper turns , the system returned to the conventional method of braking one track to turn the tank ; the dual system of turning was designed to lessen mechanical strain on the MkVII and reduce its power wastage . The suspension system was also a new design that relied on struts with pockets of air for springing and cushions of oil for damping , and each of the wheels was independently sprung .
 Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus , Nero , was born on 15 December 37 in Antium ( modern Anzio and Nettuno ) , near Rome . He was the only son of Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus and Agrippina the Younger , sister of Emperor Caligula .
 American Film Institute Lists
 = = = Relationship to modern amphibians = = =
 HMS Warrior carried a mixture of 110 @-@ pounder 7 inch ( 180 mm ) breech @-@ loading rifles and more traditional 68 @-@ pounder smoothbore guns . Warrior highlighted the challenges of picking the right armament ; the breech @-@ loaders she carried , designed by Sir William Armstrong , were intended to be the next generation of heavy armament for the Royal Navy , but were shortly withdrawn from service .
 A new government center was to be built on the hills northeast of Manila , or what is now Quezon City . Several government agencies have set up their headquarters in Quezon City but several key government offices still reside in Manila . However , many of the plans were substantially altered after the devastation of Manila during World War II and by subsequent administrations .
 Before the morning of 1 September had passed , reports coming in to US 2nd Division headquarters made it clear that North Koreans had penetrated to the north @-@ south Changnyong @-@ Yongsan road and cut the division in two ; the 38th and 23d Infantry Regiments with the bulk of the division artillery in the north were separated from the division headquarters and the 9th Infantry Regiment in the south . Keiser decided that this situation made it advisable to control and direct the divided division as two special forces . Accordingly , he placed the division artillery commander , Brigadier General Loyal M. Haynes , in command of the northern group . Haynes ' command post was 7 miles ( 11 km ) north of Changnyong . Task Force Haynes became operational at 10 : 20 , September 1 . Southward , in the Yongsan area , Keiser placed Brigadier General Joseph S. Bradley , Assistant Division Commander , in charge of the 9th Infantry Regiment , the 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , most of the 72nd Tank Battalion , and other miscellaneous units of the division . This southern grouping was known as Task Force Bradley .
 The initial development of this technique occurred in 1969 by Vernon Dvorak , using satellite pictures of tropical cyclones within the northwest Pacific ocean . The system as it was initially conceived involved pattern matching of cloud features with a development and decay model . As the technique matured through the 1970s and 1980s , measurement of cloud features became dominant in defining tropical cyclone intensity and central pressure of the tropical cyclone 's low @-@ pressure area . Use of infrared satellite imagery led to a more objective assessment of the strength of tropical cyclones with eyes , using the cloud top temperatures within the eyewall and contrasting them with the warm temperatures within the eye itself . Constraints on short term intensity change are used less frequently than they were back in the 1970s and 1980s . The central pressures assigned to tropical cyclones have required modification , as the original estimates were 5 @-@ 10 hPa ( 0 @.@ 15 @-@ 0 @.@ 29 inHg ) too low in the Atlantic and up to 20 hPa ( 0 @.@ 59 inHg ) too high in the northwest Pacific . This led to the development of a separate wind @-@ pressure relationship for the northwest Pacific , devised by Atkinson and Holliday in 1975 , then modified in 1977 .
 = = Head coaching record = =
 The two main approaches to synthesis of N @-@ H , N @-@ alkyl , and N @-@ aryloxaziridines are oxidation of imines with peracids ( A ) and amination of carbonyls ( B ) .
 Critics classify Little Gidding as a poem of fire with an emphasis on purgation and the Pentecostal fire . The beginning of the poem discusses time and winter , with attention paid to the arrival of summer . The images of snow , which provoke desires for a spiritual life , transition into an analysis of the four classical elements of fire , earth , air and water and how fire is the primary element of the four . Following this is a discussion on death and destruction , things unaccomplished , and regret for past events .
 Constant k filters were invented by George Campbell . He published his work in 1922 , but had clearly invented the filters some time before , as his colleague at AT & T Co , Otto Zobel , was already making improvements to the design at this time . Campbell 's filters were far superior to the simpler single element circuits that had been used previously . Campbell called his filters electric wave filters , but this term later came to mean any filter that passes waves of some frequencies but not others . Many new forms of wave filter were subsequently invented ; an early ( and important ) variation was the m @-@ derived filter by Zobel who coined the term constant k for the Campbell filter in order to distinguish them .
 Another reported problem with the Type UB Is was the tendency to break trim after the firing of torpedoes . The boats were equipped with compensating tanks designed to flood and offset the loss of the C / 06 torpedo 's 1 @,@ 700 @-@ pound ( 770 kg ) weight , but this system did not always function properly ; as a result , when firing from periscope depth the boat could broach after firing or , if too much weight was taken on , plunge to the depths . When UB @-@ 15 torpedoed and sank Italian submarine Medusa in June 1915 , the tank failed to properly compensate , forcing the entire crew to run to the stern to offset the trim imbalance .
 Suetonius wrote " ... for even if he was not the instigator of the emperor 's death , he was at least privy to it , as he openly admitted ; for he used afterwards to laud mushrooms , the vehicle in which the poison was administered to Claudius , as " the food of the gods , " as the Greek proverb has it . At any rate , after Claudius ' death he vented on him every kind of insult , in act and word , charging him now with folly and now with cruelty ; for it was a favourite joke of his to say that Claudius had ceased " to play the fool " among mortals , lengthening the first syllable of the word morari , and he disregarded many of his decrees and acts as the work of a madman and a dotard . Finally , he neglected to enclose the place where his body was burned except with a low and mean wall . "
 Nero was acclaimed in public for this initial victory . Tigranes , a Cappadocian noble raised in Rome , was installed by Nero as the new ruler of Armenia . Corbulo was appointed governor of Syria as a reward .
 = = Influences = =
 At the conclusion of the finals series , the winner of two awards were announced . Matthew Blackmore won both the Pitcher of the Year award and the Finals Series MVP award . At the Baseball Australia Diamond Awards , held on 6 March at the Hotel Grand Chancellor , Adelaide , Wayne Lundgren was announced as the 35th winner of the Helms Award ; the Claxton Shield 's Most Valuable Player award . Lundgren was the first pitcher to win since 1986 . Runners @-@ up by two votes were Paul Mildren and Michael Collins .
 Building upon the character 's surprise introduction in " Asylum of the Daleks " , " The Snowmen " introduces Clara as the Doctor 's new companion , though ultimately it would be a third version of her character that would travel with the Doctor starting with " The Bells of Saint John " . In addition to Clara , " The Snowmen " also introduces a redesigned TARDIS , revised title sequence and theme music , and sees changes to the Doctor 's costume . The special was produced in August 2012 , with location filming in Newport , Wales and Bristol . It received final ratings of 9 @.@ 87 million viewers in the UK , becoming the fourth most @-@ watched programme of Christmas Day . " The Snowmen " was met with mostly positive reviews from critics , most of whom received the introduction and character of Clara well . However , some felt that Grant and McKellen were underused as villains or the plot was slight because of the focus on characterisation .
 The band was formed by vocalist Jared Gomes , formerly of The Clue , also known as " M.C.U.D. " ( MC Underdog ) , and guitarist Wes Geer , who became friends amidst the Orange County hardcore punk scene . Gomes and Geer recruited guitarist Chizad , bassist Mawk , drummer B.C. Vaught and DJ Product © 1969 . They named the group " Hed " , which stands for " higher education " . The band built a following with their energetic performances at local venues , and released the self @-@ financed extended play , Church of Realities . Legal issues forced Hed to change their name , adding " PE " , which stood for " Planet Earth " .
 The unsuitability of unarmored iron for warship hulls meant that iron was only adopted as a building material for battleships when protected by armor . However , iron gave the naval architect many advantages . Iron allowed larger ships and more flexible design , for instance the use of watertight bulkheads on the lower decks . Warrior , built of iron , was longer and faster than the wooden @-@ hulled Gloire . Iron could be produced to order and used immediately , in contrast to the need to give wood a long period of seasoning . And , given the large quantities of wood required to build a steam warship and the falling cost of iron , iron hulls were increasingly cost @-@ effective . The main reason for the French use of wooden hulls for the ironclad fleet built in the 1860s was that the French iron industry could not supply enough , and the main reason why Britain built its handful of wooden @-@ hulled ironclads was to make best use of hulls already started and wood already bought .
 Professor Roy M. Anker argues that the film 's thematic center is its direction to the audience to " look closer " . The opening combines an unfamiliar viewpoint of the Burnhams ' neighborhood with Lester 's narrated admission that he will soon die , forcing audiences to consider their own mortality and the beauty around them . It also sets a series of mysteries ; Anker asks , " from what place exactly , and from what state of being , is he telling this story ? If he 's already dead , why bother with whatever it is he wishes to tell about his last year of being alive ? There is also the question of how Lester has died — or will die . " Anker believes the preceding scene — Jane 's discussion with Ricky about the possibility of his killing her father — adds further mystery . Professor Ann C. Hall disagrees ; she says by presenting an early resolution to the mystery , the film allows the audience to put it aside " to view the film and its philosophical issues " . Through this examination of Lester 's life , rebirth and death , American Beauty satirizes American middle class notions of meaning , beauty and satisfaction . Even Lester 's transformation only comes about because of the possibility of sex with Angela ; he therefore remains a " willing devotee of the popular media 's exaltation of pubescent male sexuality as a sensible route to personal wholeness " . Carolyn is similarly driven by conventional views of happiness ; from her belief in " house beautiful " domestic bliss to her car and gardening outfit , Carolyn 's domain is a " fetching American millennial vision of Pleasantville , or Eden " . The Burnhams are unaware that they are " materialists philosophically , and devout consumers ethically " who expect the " rudiments of American beauty " to give them happiness . Anker argues that " they are helpless in the face of the prettified economic and sexual stereotypes [ ... ] that they and their culture have designated for their salvation . "
 Outside of Warren Corners , the route heads across rural areas along the Cambria – Lockport town line . It soon enters the small hamlet of Hickory Corners , where the road passes under Lower Mountain Road ( CR 902 ) . Access to the highway is made by way of Town Line Road Spur ( CR 114 ) , a connector leading to Lower Mountain Road . NY 93 continues southward along the town line , changing names to Junction Road at an intersection with Upper Mountain Road ( CR 5 ) west of the city of Lockport . From here , the route crosses over CSX Transportation 's Lockport Subdivision rail line at the hamlet of Lockport Junction before intersecting with NY 31 ( Saunders Settlement Road ) and NY 270 ( Campbell Boulevard ) just south of the community . NY 270 begins straight ahead to the south while NY 93 turns northeast onto Saunders Settlement Road , beginning a concurrency with NY 31 .
 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year ( 2009 )
 At the conclusion of the season , Butler signed Stevens to a seven @-@ year contract . " We are extremely excited to reach this long @-@ term agreement to have Brad continue to lead our program , " Collier remarked .
 The War Office examined the design and put the prototype through a series of trials during May and June 1938 ; the model was tested as a possible " light cruiser " since War Office light tank needs were already met by its predecessor , the Mark VI . The War Office then took the view that the tank was not acceptable as a light cruiser because the Nuffield A13 offered better speed and obstacle crossing performance . Despite this , it was decided that it was essential for some Tetrarchs to be produced , and it was suggested that they be brought in at the end of the light tank program . Accordingly , the War Office gave the Tetrarch the official General Staff specification number A17 , and , in November 1938 , accepted it for limited production after requesting a few minor changes which included the fitting of an external fuel tank to increase the tank 's range .
 The legend of Nero 's return lasted for hundreds of years after Nero 's death . Augustine of Hippo wrote of the legend as a popular belief in 422 .
 Operation Tonga was the last that Tetrarchs saw of active combat . During the first week of October 1944 , the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment underwent an extensive reorganization , in which it was completely restructured , and all the remaining Tetrarchs were retired . They were replaced with the M22 Locust , a purpose @-@ built airborne light tank of American design ; eight Locusts were used by the regiment in March 1945 during Operation Varsity , the airborne operation to cross the river Rhine . A report issued by the Director ( Air ) of the War Office in January 1946 confirmed that the Tetrarch design was considered obsolete , and any light tanks used in post @-@ war airborne formations would be entirely new in design . A small number of Tetrarchs remained in service with the 3rd Hussars until 1949 ; a Hamilcar glider flight was stationed at RAF Fairford , and a troop of Tetrarchs was kept by the regiment for training exercises with the gliders . However , glider training by the regiment was stopped in 1950 and the Tetrarchs withdrawn from service .
 The largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea and at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain ; each time , Chad 's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes . During the 1992 games , the NOC sent the nation 's first female Olympian . Since then ( and up to the Beijing games ) , at least one woman has been a part of the Chadian delegation . The smallest contingency of Chadian Olympians occurred during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , when only Kaltouma Nadjina competed on the country 's behalf . The delegation that arrived in Beijing consisted of two athletes — one man ( 30 @-@ year @-@ old Moumi Sébergué ) and one woman ( 15 @-@ year @-@ old Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ) , both participants in track events . Ndikert was Chad 's flagbearer at the ceremonies . Up to and including the Beijing games , there has yet to have been a medalist from Chad .
 After his military service Gore studied law with John Lowell , and was admitted to the bar in 1778 after a comparatively brief tutelage . Gore 's law practice flourished , in part because many Loyalist lawyers had fled Massachusetts . Gore 's clients included Loyalists seeking to recover some of their assets , as well as London @-@ based British merchants with claims to pursue . His briefs were generally well @-@ reasoned , and he was seen as a successful trial lawyer .
 Tropical activity once again declined towards the second half of June and first half of July . The second half of July , however , featured the development of typhoons Imbudo and Koni , which both tracked westward across the Philippines before striking areas near Saipan and other regions of southeastern China . Imbudo caused the deaths of 78 people and US $ 383 million in damage . August was a highly active month for tropical cyclogenesis , with a total of six tropical storms monitored by the JMA , JTWC , and PAGASA . This included typhoons Krovanh and Dujuan , which also struck southeastern China . Typhoon Etau earlier in the month made landfall in Japan , resulting in 17 deaths .
 = American Beauty ( 1999 film ) =
 = = Background = =
 = = = Schism = = =
 Lesser known than the Italian actions were the sabotage operations and limpet @-@ mine attacks carried out by Spanish and Gibraltarian agents recruited in the Campo de Gibraltar by the Germans . The Abwehr contacted a Spanish staff officer from Campo de Gibraltar , Lieutenant Colonel Eleuterio Sánchez Rubio , a Spanish officer , member of the Falange and coordinator of the intelligence operations in the Campo , to establish a network of saboteurs with access to Gibraltar . Sánchez Rubio designated Emilio Plazas Tejera , also a member of Falange , as operations chief of the organisation . Most of the recruits for the sabotage operations were Spaniards from the Campo . A combination of financial reward , ideological commitment and some threats and intimidation were used to gather a significant number of agents . According to the British intelligence , there were at least 183 Spaniards and Gibraltarians involved in the espionage and sabotage operations against Gibraltar .
 Mark Young ( Mawk ) — bass ( 1994 – 2015 )
 = = = Casting = = =
 Lester discovers Carolyn 's infidelity , but reacts indifferently . Buddy ends the affair , fearing an expensive divorce . Col. Fitts becomes suspicious of Lester and Ricky 's friendship when he finds his son 's footage of Lester lifting weights while nude , which Ricky captured by chance , leading him to believe that Ricky is gay . After spying on Ricky and Lester through Lester 's garage window , the colonel mistakenly concludes the pair is sexually involved . He later confronts and beats Ricky for the supposed affair and accuses him of being gay . Ricky falsely admits the charges and goads his father into kicking him out of their home . Meanwhile , Carolyn is sitting in her car in the rain , taking a gun out of the glove box while a voice on the radio talks about not being a victim . Ricky goes to Jane 's bedroom , finding her arguing with Angela about Angela 's flirtation with Lester . Ricky convinces Jane to flee with him to New York City and assures Angela that she is ugly , boring , and ordinary .
 While ironclads spread rapidly in navies worldwide , there were few pitched naval battles involving ironclads . Most European nations settled differences on land , and the Royal Navy struggled to maintain a deterrent parity with at least France , while providing suitable protection to Britain 's commerce and colonial outposts worldwide . Ironclads remained , for the British Royal Navy , a matter of defending the British Isles first and projecting power abroad second . Those naval engagements of the latter half of the 19th @-@ century which involved ironclads normally involved colonial actions or clashes between second @-@ rate naval powers . But these encounters were often enough to convince British policy @-@ makers of the increasing hazards of strictly naval foreign intervention , from Hampton Roads in the American Civil War to the hardening combined defences of naval arsenals such as Kronstadt and Cherbourg .
 = = = = Christianity = = = =
 = = Preparations and impact = =
 After his successful amateur wrestling career at Bismarck State College and the University of Minnesota ( 106 wins and 5 losses ) , Lesnar signed with WWE ( then the World Wrestling Federation ) in 2000 . He was assigned to its developmental promotion Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) , where he was a three @-@ time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Shelton Benjamin . After debuting on WWE 's main roster in 2002 , he won the WWE Championship on three separate occasions with victories over The Rock and Kurt Angle ( twice ) . Lesnar won his first WWE Undisputed Championship five months after his main roster debut at the age of 25 , becoming the youngest champion in the title 's history . He was also the 2002 King of the Ring and the 2003 Royal Rumble winner , making him the youngest King of the Ring and Royal Rumble winner as well . Following his match with Goldberg at WrestleMania XX , Lesnar left the WWE and pursued a career in the National Football League ( NFL ) . He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 – 05 season . In 2005 , Lesnar returned to professional wrestling and signed with New Japan Pro Wrestling ( NJPW ) , where he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in his first match . After a contractual dispute with NJPW , he also wrestled as IWGP Heavyweight Champion in the Inoki Genome Federation ( IGF ) .
 Near the end of the month two reconnaissance patrols from the 9th Infantry had crossed to the west side of the Naktong and observed North Korean tank and troop activity 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) west of the river . Information obtained later indicated it was in fact the command post of the NK 9th Division . On August 25 , 9th Infantry commander Colonel John G. Hill outlined projected " Operation Manchu , " which was to be a company @-@ sized combat patrol to cross the river , advance to the suspected North Korean command post and communications center , destroy it , capture prisoners , and collect intelligence .
 Kimura lock – 2012 – present
 On 4 July 1943 , a Liberator bomber from RAF Transport Command took off from Gibraltar for England . On board was General Władysław Sikorski , Prime Minister of Poland 's London @-@ based government in exile and Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of its armed forces , returning from visiting Polish troops in the Middle East .
 The 1933 Treasure Coast hurricane was the second @-@ most intense tropical cyclone to strike the United States during the active 1933 Atlantic hurricane season . The eleventh tropical storm , fifth hurricane , and the third major hurricane of the season , it formed east @-@ northeast of the Leeward Islands on August 31 . The tropical storm moved rapidly west @-@ northwestward , steadily intensifying to a hurricane . It acquired peak winds of 140 miles per hour ( 225 km / h ) and passed over portions of the Bahamas on September 3 , including Eleuthera and Harbour Island , causing severe damage to crops , buildings , and infrastructure . Winds over 100 mph ( 161 km / h ) affected many islands in its path , especially those that encountered its center , and many wharves were ruined .
 A shot where Lester and Ricky share a cannabis joint behind a building came from a misunderstanding between Hall and Mendes . Mendes asked Hall to prepare the shot in his absence ; Hall assumed the characters would look for privacy , so he placed them in a narrow passage between a truck and the building , intending to light from the top of the truck . When Mendes returned , he explained that the characters did not care if they were seen . He removed the truck and Hall had to rethink the lighting ; he lit it from the left , with a large light crossing the actors , and with a soft light behind the camera . Hall felt the consequent wide shot " worked perfectly for the tone of the scene " . Hall made sure to keep rain , or the suggestion of it , in every shot near the end of the film . In one shot during Lester 's encounter with Angela at the Burnhams ' home , Hall created rain effects on the foreground cross lights ; in another , he partly lit the pair through French windows to which he had added material to make the rain run slower , intensifying the light ( although the strength of the outside light was unrealistic for a night scene , Hall felt it justified because of the strong contrasts it produced ) . For the close @-@ ups when Lester and Angela move to the couch , Hall tried to keep rain in the frame , lighting through the window onto the ceiling behind Lester . He also used rain boxes to produce rain patterns where he wanted without lighting the entire room .
 The band began touring in support of the album prior to its release , initiating touring with several free shows in the US . Followed by multiple appearances at festivals in Europe . They then joined Korn for their 2006 edition of Family Values Tour across the US , which featured 33 dates across 3 months . On August 8 , 2006 Stone Sour made a special guest appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno to promote and perform their second single " Through Glass . " They also performed at the Japanese festival Summer Sonic midway through the Family Values Tour . Then through November and December 2006 , Stone Sour joined Disturbed for their Music as a Weapon Tour . In January 2007 Stone Sour joined Evanescence for a Canadian tour , followed by a headlining tour of Europe . They then headlined the Spring 2007 Jägermeister Music Tour across the US , followed by headlining tours in Australia and Japan . They then started a tour in Europe playing festivals and select headline shows . They wrapped up touring in support of the album with a headlining tour in the US through August and September in 2007 .
 Devin Lebsack — drums ( 2006 – 2007 )
 A new phylogeny of temnospondyls was offered by paleontologist Rainer Schoch in 2013 . It supported many of the clades that were found by Yates and Warren , but it did not find support for their division of derived stereospondyls into Euskelia and Limnarchia . Eryopids were found to be more closely related to stereospondyls than to dissorophoids , which were grouped with dvinosaurs . The clade including Eryopidae and Stereospondylomorpha was named Eryopiformes . In addition , Schoch named the clade containing all temnospondyls except edopoids Eutemnospondyli and reinstated the name Rhachitomi for the clade containing all temnospondyls except edopoids and dendrerpetontids . Below is the cladogram from Schoch 's analysis :
 During the reign of Sultan Bolkiah from 1485 to 1521 , the Bruneian Empire invaded , wanting to take advantage of Tondo 's China trade by attacking its environs and establishing " كوتا سلودوڠ Kota Saludong " ( The Kingdom of Maynila ) . They ruled under and gave yearly tribute to the Sultanate of Brunei as its satellite state . They established a new dynasty under the local leader who accepted Islam and became Rajah Salalila or Tariq Sulayman I. He also established a trading challenge to the already rich House of Lakan Dula in Tondo . Islam was further strengthened by the arrival of Muslim traders from the Arab @-@ Indian area and Southeast Asia . Manila was temporarily besieged by the invasion of Chinese pirate @-@ warlord Limahong ( 1574 ) but was thwarted by the local inhabitants , before it became the seat of the colonial government of Spain .
 The same monsoon trough that spawned Typhoon Koppu also produced an area of convection to the north @-@ northeast of Guam , becoming a tropical depression on October 19 . The system moved northwestward and later turned to the northeast around the subtropical ridge . With low wind shear and favorable outflow , the convection became better organized , and the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Parma on October 21 . After an eye began to form , Parma was upgraded to typhoon status the next day . An approaching trough caused Parma to accelerate northeastward while also increasing outflow . On October 24 , the JMA estimated peak winds of 175 km / h ( 110 mph ) while the JTWC estimated winds of 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) , an unusually high intensity for 30 ° N. Subsequently , Parma rounded the subtropical ridge and began moving to the east @-@ southeast , beginning a nearly week @-@ long loop . The cold front had passed to the north and failed to bring the typhoon northeastward .
 = = = The revolt of Vindex and Galba and the death of Nero = = =
 Buena Vista Social Club ( film ) ( Hollywood & Havana )
 The First Jewish War of 66 – 70
 = = = Religion = = =
 By 21 : 00 , the closest front line unit was B Company on top of Hill 209 , 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north of the river road which curved around the hill 's southern base . The regimental chaplain , Captain Lewis B. Sheen , had gone forward in the afternoon to B Company to hold services . On top of Hill 209 , Chaplain Sheen and men in B Company after dark heard splashing in the water below them . They soon discovered a long line of North Korean soldiers wading the river .
 " Enforcer " by Jim Johnston ( April 8 , 2002 – June 3 , 2002 )
 In 64 AD , most of Rome was destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome , which many Romans believed Nero himself had started in order to clear land for his planned palatial complex , the Domus Aurea . In 68 , the rebellion of Vindex in Gaul and later the acclamation of Galba in Hispania drove Nero from the throne . Facing a false report of being denounced as a public enemy who was to be executed , he committed suicide on 9 June 68 ( the first Roman emperor to do so ) . His death ended the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty , sparking a brief period of civil wars known as the Year of the Four Emperors . Nero 's rule is often associated with tyranny and extravagance . He is known for many executions , including that of his mother , and the probable murder by poison of his stepbrother Britannicus .
 The U.S. Navy ended the Civil War with about fifty monitor @-@ type coastal ironclads ; by the 1870s most of these were laid up in reserve , leaving the USA virtually without an ironclad fleet . Another five large monitors were ordered in the 1870s . The limitations of the monitor type effectively prevented the USA from projecting power overseas , and until the 1890s the USA would have come off badly in a conflict with even Spain or the Latin American powers . The 1890s saw the beginning of what became the Great White Fleet , and it was the modern pre @-@ Dreadnoughts and armored cruisers built in the 1890s which defeated the Spanish fleet in the Spanish – American War of 1898 . This started a new era of naval warfare .
 = = = Education = = =
 The American counteroffensive of September 3 – 5 west of Yongsan , according to prisoner statements , resulted in one of the bloodiest debacles of the war for a North Korean division . Even though remnants of the NK 9th Division , supported by the low strength NK 4th Division , still held Obong @-@ ni Ridge , Cloverleaf Hill , and the intervening ground back to the Naktong on September 6 , the division 's offensive strength had been spent at the end of the American counterattack . The NK 9th and 4th divisions were not able to resume the offensive .
 = = = Accession = = =
 SM UB @-@ 3 ( as U @-@ 9 )
 = = = Bolton Wanderers = = =
 On October 17 , 2005 , American Society of Magazine Editors unveiled its list of the top 40 magazine covers of the prior 40 years and ranked View of the World from 9th Avenue in fourth place . The listing stated that the work " ... has come to represent Manhattan 's telescoped perception of the country beyond the Hudson River . The cartoon showed the supposed limited mental geography of Manhattanites . "
 " Nickel Size Hail ( And the Damaging Winds ) " by Sunny Ledfurd
 Ken Sachs ( The Finger ) — keyboard ( 1994 – 1996 )
 Nero , however , did not know this , and at the news brought by the courier , he prepared himself for suicide , pacing up and down muttering " Qualis artifex pereo " which translates to English as " What an artist dies in me . " Losing his nerve , he first begged for one of his companions to set an example by first killing himself . At last , the sound of approaching horsemen drove Nero to face the end . However , he still could not bring himself to take his own life but instead he forced his private secretary , Epaphroditos , to perform the task .
 No. 20 Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) support squadron . Coming under the control of No. 96 Wing , it is responsible for the management of the airfield at RAAF Base Woomera , South Australia . The squadron originated as a maritime patrol unit during World War II . Raised in August 1941 , it operated PBY Catalina and Short Empire flying boats from bases in New Guinea , Queensland and the Northern Territory , conducting search @-@ and @-@ rescue , mine @-@ laying , anti @-@ submarine and bombing missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre . Following the conclusion of hostilities , the squadron was disbanded in March 1946 . It was reactivated as an airfield support squadron in April 2015 .
 In 1842 England , a young boy builds a snowman , but refuses to play with the other children . The snowman starts speaking to the boy , repeating his assertions that the other children are silly . Fifty years later , the boy has grown up to be Dr. Walter Simeon , proprietor of the Great Intelligence Institute . He hires men to collect samples of snow , which he places in a large snow @-@ filled globe in his laboratory before feeding the men to a group of animated snowmen . The Doctor , still despondent after losing his former companions Amy Pond and Rory Williams , has parked his TARDIS above Victorian London among the clouds . He uses his allies Vastra , Jenny , and Strax to keep people away from him . They also fill their time investigating mysteries throughout the city .
 On June 5 , 2003 , during the first term of George W. Bush 's presidency , Ted Rall presented A View of the World from Pennsylvania Avenue as a Parody of View of the World from 9th Avenue in a Universal Press Syndicate editorial cartoon . He replaced the letters representing The New Yorker with The Bushie .
 Steel was also an obvious material for armor . It was tested in the 1860s , but the steel of the time was too brittle and disintegrated when struck by shells . Steel became practical to use when a way was found to fuse steel onto wrought iron plates , giving a form of compound armor . This compound armor was used by the British in ships built from the late 1870s , first for turret armor ( starting with HMS Inflexible ) and then for all armor ( starting with HMS Colossus of 1882 ) . The French and German navies adopted the innovation almost immediately , with licenses being given for the use of the ' Wilson System ' of producing fused armor .
 and for a chain of n half @-@ sections
 Manila celebrates civic and national holidays . Manila Day , which celebrates the city 's founding on June 24 , 1571 , was first proclaimed by Herminio A. Astorga ( then Vice Mayor of Manila ) on June 24 , 1962 and has been annually commemorated , under the patronage of John the Baptist . Locally , each of the city 's barangays also have their own festivities guided by their own patron saint . The city is also the host to the Feast of the Black Nazarene , held every January 9 , which draws millions of Catholic devotees . Another religious feasts held in Manila was the Feast of the Nuestra Señora de los Desamparados de Manila ( Our Lady of the Abandoned ) , the patron saint of Santa Ana and was held every May 12 . Non @-@ religious holidays include the New Year 's Day , National Heroes ' Day , Bonifacio Day and Rizal Day .
 Shortages of aircraft and serviceability problems greatly retarded pilot training and the ships only had a total of 17 D4Ys and 18 E16As on hand on 1 October ; of these , only 6 and 16 were operational , respectively . The Japanese plan for the defence of the Philippines envisioned that the surviving carriers would be used to lure the American carrier forces away from the invasion area to a position where the carriers could be attacked by land @-@ based aircraft and the transports by the rest of the IJN . The other carrier air groups were not in much better shape and the Japanese decided to retain the aircraft ashore for use against the American carriers . The Fourth Carrier Division was assigned to the Northern Force under the command of Vice Admiral Jisaburō Ozawa and the sisters sailed from Yashima on 20 October . On the morning of 24 October , the bulk of the few aircraft aboard were launched to attack the American carriers as a distraction . They inflicted no damage and caused the Americans to search in the direction from which they had attacked . The Americans finally spotted the Japanese carriers at 16 : 40 , some 200 miles ( 320 km ) east of Cape Engaño , the northeastern tip of Luzon . The American carriers were spread out and it was very late in the day to launch an airstrike , so Admiral William Halsey , commander of the Third Fleet decided to mass his carriers in a position to attack the following morning . Ozawa reversed course during the night , correctly believing that the Americans would follow him north .
 = = Distribution = =
 = = = = Amination of N @-@ nucleophiles = = = =
 The Manila Health Department is responsible for the planning and implementation of the health care programs provided by the city government . It operates 59 health centers and six city @-@ run hospitals , which are free of charge . The six public city @-@ run hospitals are the Ospital ng Maynila Medical Center , Ospital ng Sampaloc , Gat Andres Bonifacio Memorial Medical Center , Ospital ng Tondo , Sta . Ana Hospital , and Justice Jose Abad Santos General Hospital . Manila is also the site of the Philippine General Hospital , the tertiary state @-@ owned hospital administered and operated by the University of the Philippines Manila .
 In 65 , Gaius Calpurnius Piso , a Roman statesman , organized a conspiracy against Nero with the help of Subrius Flavus and Sulpicius Asper , a tribune and a centurion of the Praetorian Guard . According to Tacitus , many conspirators wished to " rescue the state " from the emperor and restore the Republic . The freedman Milichus discovered the conspiracy and reported it to Nero 's secretary , Epaphroditos . As a result , the conspiracy failed and its members were executed including Lucan , the poet . Nero 's previous advisor , Seneca was ordered to commit suicide after admitting he discussed the plot with the conspirators .
 The region was known for its wine . Since the 15th century the local inhabitants practiced viticulture and the wine producers formed St. Paul Vintners ' Guild in 1447 , the oldest such guild in the German @-@ speaking world . Terraced vineyards extended up the sides of the Krems River until it became a mountain stream and terrain was unsuitable for cultivation . The Loiben plain supported both viticulture and agriculture . As the terrain became steeper , the vines grew in terraces built from the dark Urgestein , primordial rock . From Dürenstein to Krems the river makes its wide curve ; the mountains and the steeply terraced slopes prevent clear line @-@ of @-@ sight between the two towns .
 Fidel ( film ) ( Hollywood for Showtime )
 = Clayton Kershaw =
 UPM Bintulu Sarawak Campus was started as the National Resource Training Centre , Kuching , in 1974 . The oldest campus in Sarawak , it was relocated to Bintulu in 1987 as a branch campus of the Universiti Pertanian Malaysia ( UPM ) . The campus was closed down in 1992 before reopening in 2001 as Universiti Putra Malaysia ( UPM ) . During this period of closure , the campus was used as the site for Maktab Perguruan Sains Bintulu ( Bintulu Science Teachers ' Training College ) from 1994 to July 1999 when it was moved to Kota Samarahan as Institut Pendidikan Guru Kampus Tun Abdul Razak ( Tun Abdul Razak Teachers ' Training Institute Campus ) . The UPM campus is currently located 13 km ( 8 mi ) away from the town centre , occupying 715 ha ( 1 @,@ 767 acres ) , which can accommodate up to 2 @,@ 200 students . This branch campus currently has only one faculty , the Faculty of Agriculture and Food Sciences , consisting of five academic departments . In 2015 UPM was ranked 41st in the UI @-@ Greenmetric World University rankings . SEDAMAI College , established in November 1999 , offers courses in business , information technology , language , and engineering .
 = Ironclad warship =
 From Sardinia , Italian Piaggio P.108 bombers attacked Gibraltar several times , mainly in 1942 . The last raids on Gibraltar were done during the 1943 Allied landing in Algeria , when those bombers hit successfully even the Oran port .
 = 1933 Treasure Coast hurricane =
 = = = = Lawsuit = = = =
 San Lorenzo Colossal Head 7 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 53 ) measures 2 @.@ 7 metres ( 8 @.@ 9 ft ) high by 1 @.@ 85 metres ( 6 @.@ 1 ft ) wide by 1 @.@ 35 metres ( 4 @.@ 4 ft ) deep and weighs 18 tons . San Lorenzo Colossal Head 7 was reworked from a monumental throne ; it was discovered by a joint archaeological project by the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia and Yale University , as a result of a magnetometer survey . It was buried at a depth of less than 1 metre ( 3 @.@ 3 ft ) and was lying facing upwards , leaning slightly northwards on its right hand side . The head is poorly preserved and has suffered both from erosion and deliberate damage . The headdress is decorated with a pair of human hands ; a feathered ornament is carved at the back of the headband and two discs adorn the front . A short strap descends from the headband and hangs in front of the right ear . The head sports large earflares that completely cover the earlobes , although severe erosion makes their exact form difficult to distinguish . The face has wrinkles between the nose and cheeks , sagging cheeks and deep @-@ set eyes ; the lips are badly damaged and the mouth is open , displaying the teeth . In 1986 the head was transported to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
 " Kiss You " – 3 : 04
 = = = Great Fire of Rome ( 64 AD ) = = =
 There are three mills in Bintulu that process wood @-@ waste products . Two are Medium @-@ density fibreboard ( MDF ) plants and the third is a charcoal briquette plant , with a total installed capacity of 246 @,@ 000 cubic metres ( 8 @,@ 700 @,@ 000 cu ft ) per year . MDF plants utilise wood waste purchased from sawmills and plywood mills in the Bintulu area and occasionally from the Tanjung Manis timber processing zone located at the mouth of the Rajang River . Synthetic resins , which are required to hold wood dust together , constituted 20 % of the total production cost of the wood panel products . MDF plants in Bintulu are operated by Daiken Sarawak Sdn Bhd , which was founded on 15 February 1994 . The briquette plant is operated by Cipta Briquette Sdn Bhd . A glue / adhesive factory in Bintulu is owned by Bintulu Adhesive & Chemicals Sdn Bhd . It produces urea formaldehyde resin and phenol formaldehyde resin for plywood and chipboard manufacturing at Kemena Industrial Estate . Urea precondensate is also produced to supply ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser ( ABF ) plant .
 = = Chart performance = =
 In 1988 , Operation California began using the name Operation USA because it better described the effort and intent of the organization to represent the entire American people . In 1989 Operation USA facilitated operations on children in Vietnam who had cleft palates by a Los Angeles @-@ based plastic surgeon , Dr Stanley Frileck . Medical aid effort was delivered to Mexico in 1990 , by OPUSA in conjunction with USSR relief workers . In 1991 OPUSA delivered aid to Bangladesh . OpUSA delivered aid to war torn Somali 's in 1993 . In 1994 OpUSA provided earthquake relief . In 1995 the organization provided aid to Hurricane Mitch survivors in Honduras and Nicaragua . In 1999 OpUSA supplied aid to storm victims in Mexico . In 2003 OpUSA delivered aid to Iraq War victims in the Persian Gulf . The tsunami victims in Sri Lanka and Indonesia were aided by OpUSA in 2004 , as well as the Mexico City Flood victims .
 Seed germination is remote tubular — during germination , as the cotyledon expands it pushes the young shoot away from the seed . After germination , the stem initially grows downward before turning to grow upward and produce the aboveground stem . This produces a " saxophone shaped " belowground portion of the stem . The fact that the shoot tips of Attalea seedlings are underground it likely to contribute to their fire @-@ tolerance .
 = = = Special edition DVD = = =
 As regarding rhythm : to compose in sequence of the musical phrase , not in sequence of the metronome .
 The illustration is split in two parts , with the bottom half of the image showing Manhattan 's 9th Avenue , 10th Avenue , and the Hudson River ( appropriately labeled ) , and the top half depicting the rest of the world . It is a westward view over 10th Avenue . The rest of the United States is the size of the three New York City blocks and is drawn as a rectangle bounded by North American neighbors Canada and Mexico , with a thin brown strip along the Hudson representing " Jersey " , the names of five cities ( Los Angeles ; Washington , D.C. ; Las Vegas ; Kansas City ; and Chicago ) and three states ( Texas , Utah , and Nebraska ) scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey , which is in bolder font than the rest of the country beyond the Hudson . Washington , D.C. is depicted as a remote location near Mexico . The Pacific Ocean , slightly wider than the Hudson , separates the United States from three flattened land masses labeled China , Japan and Russia . Notably , the image depicts the world with a back turned to Europe , which is absent from the painting .
 Bintulu Hospital started operation in 1968 . It is located at Nyabau Road , 12 km ( 7 @.@ 5 mi ) from the town centre . Following renovations completed on 21 May 2000 , the hospital is now equipped with 200 beds . As of 2011 , the hospital provides speciality services in seven medical disciplines . Bintulu also has one polyclinic , Polyclinic Bintulu . There are two private hospitals in Bintulu : Columbia Asia Hospital and Bintulu Medical Centre .
 The University of the City of Manila ( Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila ) located at Intramuros , and Universidad de Manila located just outside the walled city , are both owned and operated by the Manila city government . The national government controls the University of the Philippines Manila , the oldest of the University of the Philippines constituent universities and the center of health sciences education in the country . The city is also the site of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines , the largest university in the country in terms of student population .
 On 31 July 2012 , Amos joined Championship team Hull City on a season @-@ long loan from Manchester United . Before the loan deal was completed , he had joined Hull on their pre @-@ season training camp in Portugal . He made his debut on 11 August 2012 in 7 – 6 penalty shoot @-@ out victory over Rotherham United in the first round of the 2012 – 13 Football League Cup . However , after 19 appearances , including two in the League Cup , Amos returned to Manchester United on 3 January 2013 .
 = = = East 29th Avenue building = = =
 = = = Return to Oman = = =
 = Independiente ( Ricardo Arjona album ) =
 = = Celebrity affiliates = =
